
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015533                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15532695000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                15532695000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1436357                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1436350                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1983508283                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1161408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    11247895                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          634240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         1012864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1647104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       634240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        634240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       775168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          775168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             9910                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            15826                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               25736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         12112                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              12112                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           40832579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           65208517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             106041096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      40832579                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         40832579                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        49905570                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             49905570                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        49905570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          40832579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          65208517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            155946666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       25736                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      12112                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     25736                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    12112                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1592704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   54400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  738944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1647104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               775168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    850                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                   549                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              3350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              2961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             3283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15532637000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 25736                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                12112                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   24886                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        14476                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    160.826748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   117.296293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   165.523257                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         7143     49.34%     49.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4577     31.62%     80.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1338      9.24%     90.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          645      4.46%     94.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          295      2.04%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          170      1.17%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          121      0.84%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           63      0.44%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          124      0.86%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        14476                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          664                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      37.469880                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     31.507659                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     50.083330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            618     93.07%     93.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           41      6.17%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      0.15%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.30%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.15%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.15%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           664                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          664                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.388554                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.363348                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.923755                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              197     29.67%     29.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               19      2.86%     32.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              441     66.42%     98.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      1.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           664                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    320890250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               787502750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  124430000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     12894.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                31644.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       102.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        47.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    106.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     49.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    13312                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    8630                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 53.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                74.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     410395.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    60.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 63141120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 34452000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               114472800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               41796000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy           1014068640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           6505705260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           3608866500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            11382502320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            733.123223                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5961602250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     518440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    9046014000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 46025280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 25113000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                78975000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               32814720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy           1014068640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           5881787820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           4156162500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            11234946960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            723.619490                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6877667750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     518440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    8131382250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      1874617                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                        251                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                  1874868                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      791704                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       161                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  791865                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                      2666321                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                        412                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  2666733                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    11248307                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       246                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                11248553                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                         31065390                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    11247895                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10514741                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 141000                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      402531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1536192                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10514741                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        141000                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13983811                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7918881                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                94023                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               93952                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2666733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1874868                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     791865                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               31065389.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           2043087                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                595579      5.29%      5.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7883197     70.08%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17628      0.16%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   46977      0.42%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                   28187      0.25%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    9395      0.08%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1875478     16.67%     92.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  791866      7.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11248307                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             14802                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           988.687085                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             2650495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             15826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            167.477253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        6752834000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   988.687085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.965515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.965515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          291                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          618                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           5348468                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          5348468                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1869893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         1869893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       779386                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         779386                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data          606                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          606                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       2649279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          2649279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2649279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         2649279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         4114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          4114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        11708                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11708                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        15822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          15822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        15822                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         15822                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    268493000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    268493000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    717192000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    717192000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       233000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       233000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    985685000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    985685000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    985685000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    985685000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014800                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014800                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006557                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.006557                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65263.247448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65263.247448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 61256.576700                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61256.576700                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        58250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        58250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 62298.382000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62298.382000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 62298.382000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62298.382000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             12112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        11708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        15822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        15822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        15822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    264379000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264379000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    705484000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    705484000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       229000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       229000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    969863000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    969863000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    969863000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    969863000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014800                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014800                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006557                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006557                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64263.247448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64263.247448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60256.576700                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60256.576700                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        57250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        57250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 61298.382000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61298.382000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 61298.382000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61298.382000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              8891                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           846.020801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            11238397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              9910                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           1134.046115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   846.020801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.826192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.826192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          22506524                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         22506524                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     11238397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        11238397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      11238397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         11238397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     11238397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        11238397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         9910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          9910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         9910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           9910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         9910                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          9910                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    627379000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    627379000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    627379000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    627379000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    627379000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    627379000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63307.669021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63307.669021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63307.669021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63307.669021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63307.669021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63307.669021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         9910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         9910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         9910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    617469000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    617469000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    617469000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    617469000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    617469000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    617469000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62307.669021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62307.669021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62307.669021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62307.669021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62307.669021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62307.669021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14028                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             12112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            11581                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             11708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            11708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           9910                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        28711                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        46454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  75165                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       634240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1788032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2422272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             49429                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   49429    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               49429                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            97877000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           53554000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           85161250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
