
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000573                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   572836000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  572836000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 578607                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   578546                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3338270610                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1151792                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.17                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                       99267                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         99267                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          407360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data           80704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             488064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       407360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        407360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks          320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total             320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             6365                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data             1261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                7626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks             5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                  5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst          711128491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          140885000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             852013491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     711128491                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        711128491                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks          558624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total               558624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks          558624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst         711128491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         140885000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            852572115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        7626                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          5                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      7626                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 488064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  488064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                  320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                     572777000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  7626                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    5                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    7626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         1322                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    367.007564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   234.880502                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   332.417632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          313     23.68%     23.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          347     26.25%     49.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          185     13.99%     63.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           92      6.96%     70.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           81      6.13%     77.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           51      3.86%     80.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           53      4.01%     84.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           37      2.80%     87.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          163     12.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         1322                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     42728250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               185715750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   38130000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      5602.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                24352.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       852.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    852.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6294                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 82.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      75059.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    82.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  2525040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  1377750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                13057200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy             37124880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            327240135                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             54141000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy              435466005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            765.780742                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     88308250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      18980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     461568750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  7423920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  4050750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                45973200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy             37124880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            377076375                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             10425000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy              482074125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            847.742595                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     15122500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      18980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     534567500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                        17083                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                         19                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                    17102                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                       17158                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                        13                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                   17171                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                        34241                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                         32                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                    34273                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                       99299                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        56                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                   99355                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   27                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                          1145672                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                       99267                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                         99267                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                 93040                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    711                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3160                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        12337                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                        93040                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           711                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads              127153                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes              61769                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  567                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 413                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                         34273                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       17102                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      17171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               1145671.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                             16682                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  4480      4.51%      4.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                     59865     60.29%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       17      0.02%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     204      0.21%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       6      0.01%     65.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                      83      0.08%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                      26      0.03%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    17446     17.57%     82.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   17172     17.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                      99299                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 6                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           944.221087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs               32980                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              1261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             26.153846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   944.221087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.230523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.230523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.306396                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             69743                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses            69743                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data        16528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           16528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data        15766                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          15766                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data          342                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          342                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data          344                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          344                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data         32294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total            32294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data        32294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total           32294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         1048                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1048                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data         1259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           1259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data         1259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          1259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     13015000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13015000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     59815000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     59815000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       130000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       130000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     72830000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     72830000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     72830000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     72830000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data        16739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        16739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data        16814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data          344                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          344                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data          344                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          344                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data        33553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        33553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data        33553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        33553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.062329                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.062329                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005814                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.005814                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.037523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.037523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 61682.464455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61682.464455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57075.381679                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57075.381679                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        65000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        65000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57847.498014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57847.498014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57847.498014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57847.498014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            5                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total                 5                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     12804000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12804000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     58767000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58767000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       128000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       128000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     71571000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71571000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     71571000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71571000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.062329                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062329                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005814                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005814                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.037523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.037523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60682.464455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60682.464455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56075.381679                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56075.381679                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        64000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56847.498014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56847.498014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56847.498014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56847.498014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              6301                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse            63.289425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs               92934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              6365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             14.600786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          19043000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    63.289425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.988897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses            204963                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses           204963                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        92934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           92934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         92934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total            92934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        92934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total           92934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         6365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          6365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         6365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           6365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         6365                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          6365                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    359142000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    359142000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    359142000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    359142000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    359142000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    359142000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        99299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        99299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        99299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        99299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        99299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.064099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.064099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.064099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.064099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.064099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.064099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56424.509034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56424.509034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56424.509034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56424.509034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56424.509034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56424.509034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    352777000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    352777000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    352777000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    352777000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    352777000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    352777000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.064099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.064099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.064099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55424.509034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55424.509034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55424.509034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55424.509034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55424.509034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55424.509034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6578                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             6302                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1048                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1048                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           6365                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           213                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        19031                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         2528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  21559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       407360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        81024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  488384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             13933                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   13933    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               13933                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            13953000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           33754250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy            6729000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
