
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015429                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15428900500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                15428900500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1411831                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1411824                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1936611686                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1164840                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    11247895                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          189056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          774912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             963968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       189056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        189056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        63744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           63744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2954                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            12108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               15062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           996                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                996                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           12253368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           50224707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              62478075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      12253368                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         12253368                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         4131467                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              4131467                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         4131467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          12253368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          50224707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             66609542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       15062                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        996                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     15062                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      996                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 963776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   62144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  963968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                63744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15428825500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 15062                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  996                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   15059                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         6559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    156.218936                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.301571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   169.889398                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3494     53.27%     53.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1833     27.95%     81.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          569      8.68%     89.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          329      5.02%     94.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          115      1.75%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           68      1.04%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           51      0.78%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           16      0.24%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           84      1.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         6559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           57                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     264.017544                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     66.407468                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1390.595999                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511            56     98.25%     98.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      1.75%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            57                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           57                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.035088                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.004227                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.034493                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               28     49.12%     49.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               28     49.12%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      1.75%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            57                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    163918250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               446274500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   75295000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     10885.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29635.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        62.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         4.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     62.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       5.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     8844                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     618                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 58.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                62.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     960818.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    58.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 30859920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 16838250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                72352800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                5682960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy           1007457360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           5476117680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           4451280750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            11060589720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            717.064369                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7371424250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     515060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    7538516750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 18552240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 10122750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                44764200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 401760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy           1007457360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           4375186335                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           5417010000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            10873494645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            704.934888                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8984312250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     515060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    5925462750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      1874617                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                        251                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                  1874868                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      791704                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       161                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  791865                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                      2666321                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                        412                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  2666733                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    11248307                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       246                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                11248553                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                         30857801                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    11247895                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10514741                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 141000                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      402531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1536192                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10514741                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        141000                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13983811                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7918881                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                94023                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               93952                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2666733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1874868                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     791865                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               30857800.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           2043087                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                595579      5.29%      5.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7883197     70.08%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17628      0.16%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   46977      0.42%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                   28187      0.25%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    9395      0.08%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1875478     16.67%     92.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  791866      7.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11248307                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             14802                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           986.936805                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             2650495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             15826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            167.477253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        6822256500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   986.936805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.963805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          288                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          626                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           5348468                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          5348468                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1869893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         1869893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       779386                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         779386                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data          606                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          606                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       2649279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          2649279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2649279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         2649279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         4114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          4114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        11708                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11708                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        15822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          15822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        15822                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         15822                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    148611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    898064500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    898064500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       138000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       138000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1046675500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1046675500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1046675500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1046675500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014800                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014800                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006557                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.006557                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 36123.237725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36123.237725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76705.201572                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76705.201572                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        34500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        34500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66153.172797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66153.172797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66153.172797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66153.172797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13299                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             13299                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        11708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        15822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        15822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        15822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    144497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    886356500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    886356500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       134000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       134000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1030853500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1030853500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1030853500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1030853500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014800                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014800                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006557                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006557                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 35123.237725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35123.237725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75705.201572                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75705.201572                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        33500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        33500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65153.172797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65153.172797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65153.172797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65153.172797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             23250                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           499.414414                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            11224545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             23762                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            472.373748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       13611552500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   499.414414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.975419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          22520376                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         22520376                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     11224545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        11224545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      11224545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         11224545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     11224545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        11224545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        23762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         23762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        23762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          23762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        23762                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         23762                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    507047000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    507047000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    507047000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    507047000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    507047000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    507047000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21338.565777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21338.565777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21338.565777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21338.565777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21338.565777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21338.565777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        23762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        23762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        23762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    483285000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    483285000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    483285000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    483285000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    483285000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    483285000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20338.565777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20338.565777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20338.565777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20338.565777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20338.565777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20338.565777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                      1429                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4978.708520                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       51418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     14448                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.558832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3205.117708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       1338.558574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        435.032237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.195625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.081699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.026552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.303876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         13019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          581                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1739                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9009                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1570                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.794617                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    647276                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   647276                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            13299                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 13299                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data                868                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   868                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           20808                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              20808                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data           2850                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2850                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 20808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                  3718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    24526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                20808                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                 3718                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   24526                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            10840                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               10840                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2954                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2954                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         1268                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1268                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               12108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  15062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2954                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              12108                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 15062                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    859680500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     859680500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    229136500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    229136500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    108529000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    108529000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     229136500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     968209500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1197346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    229136500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    968209500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1197346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13299                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             13299                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          11708                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             11708                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        23762                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          23762                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data         4118                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          4118                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             23762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             15826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                39588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            23762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            15826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               39588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.925863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.925863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.124316                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.124316                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.307916                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.307916                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.124316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.765070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.380469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.124316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.765070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.380469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79306.319188                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79306.319188                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77568.212593                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77568.212593                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85590.694006                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85590.694006                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77568.212593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79964.444995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79494.489444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77568.212593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79964.444995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79494.489444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  996                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       996                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        10840                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          10840                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2954                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2954                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1268                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1268                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          12108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             15062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         12108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            15062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    751280500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    751280500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    199596500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    199596500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     95849000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95849000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    199596500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    847129500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1046726000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    199596500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    847129500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1046726000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.925863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.124316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.307916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.307916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.124316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.765070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.380469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.124316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.765070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.380469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69306.319188                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69306.319188                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67568.212593                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67568.212593                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75590.694006                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75590.694006                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67568.212593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69964.444995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69494.489444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67568.212593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69964.444995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69494.489444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               996                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             10840                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            10840                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        31548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  31548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1027712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1027712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             16486                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   16486    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               16486                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            20493500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           80796500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        77640                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        38052                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             10                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             27880                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            14295                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           25186                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11708                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11708                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         23762                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4118                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        70774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        46454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                117228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1520768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1864000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                3384768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            1429                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            79069                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000126                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.011245                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  79059     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     10      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              79069                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           52119000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          35643000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          23739000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
