
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.038108                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38108051000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                38108051000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1056652                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1056650                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3579941029                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1161408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    11247895                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst        25568448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          936000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           26504448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     25568448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      25568448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       689344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          689344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst           399507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            14625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              414132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         10771                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              10771                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst          670946095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           24561739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             695507834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     670946095                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        670946095                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        18089196                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             18089196                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        18089196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst         670946095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          24561739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            713597030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      414132                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      10771                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    414132                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    10771                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               26468416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   36032                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  659328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                26504448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               689344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    563                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                   437                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             34838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             18461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             63793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             43706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             15873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             69331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             16312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             29094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             26519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            34918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            10716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            23892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   38107993000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                414132                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                10771                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  413569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        75582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    358.898574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   241.661969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   310.261278                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        14351     18.99%     18.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        21074     27.88%     46.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        11864     15.70%     62.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7885     10.43%     73.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5128      6.78%     79.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3273      4.33%     84.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2459      3.25%     87.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2036      2.69%     90.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7512      9.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        75582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          630                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     656.344444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    387.487507                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    705.557778                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           159     25.24%     25.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511          207     32.86%     58.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           62      9.84%     67.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023           84     13.33%     81.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           49      7.78%     89.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           25      3.97%     93.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           15      2.38%     95.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            4      0.63%     96.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            6      0.95%     96.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            3      0.48%     97.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      0.16%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            4      0.63%     98.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            4      0.63%     98.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      0.16%     99.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      0.48%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.16%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           630                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          630                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.352381                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.336054                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.749956                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              512     81.27%     81.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               15      2.38%     83.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              102     16.19%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      0.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           630                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2483638250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             10238057000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 2067845000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      6005.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                24755.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       694.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        17.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    695.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     18.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   340834                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    7450                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 82.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                72.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      89686.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    82.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                363998880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                198610500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              2142753600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               37260000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy           2488892640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          24228810450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1610358000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            31070684070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            815.371529                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2542668500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    1272440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   34291072750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                207378360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                113152875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1082874000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               29496960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy           2488892640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          22141454490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           3441372000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            29504621325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            774.274173                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5594398500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    1272440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   31239799500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      1874617                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                        251                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                  1874868                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      791704                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       161                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  791865                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                      2666321                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                        412                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  2666733                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    11248307                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       246                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                11248553                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                         76216102                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    11247895                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10514741                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 141000                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      402531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1536192                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10514741                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        141000                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13983811                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7918881                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                94023                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               93952                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2666733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1874868                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     791865                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               76216101.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           2043087                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                595579      5.29%      5.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7883197     70.08%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17628      0.16%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   46977      0.42%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                   28187      0.25%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    9395      0.08%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1875478     16.67%     92.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  791866      7.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11248307                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             12577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1867.284812                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             2651696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             14625                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            181.312547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       18840551000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1867.284812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.911760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.911760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          631                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           5347267                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          5347267                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1870919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         1870919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       779559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         779559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data          608                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          608                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       2650478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          2650478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2650478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         2650478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         3088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          3088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        11535                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11535                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        14623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          14623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        14623                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         14623                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    210424000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    210424000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    736278000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    736278000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       146000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       146000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    946702000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    946702000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    946702000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    946702000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014581                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014581                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003279                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.003279                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 68142.487047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68142.487047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63829.908973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63829.908973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        73000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        73000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 64740.614101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64740.614101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 64740.614101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64740.614101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10771                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             10771                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        11535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        14623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        14623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        14623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    207336000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    207336000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    724743000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    724743000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       144000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       144000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    932079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    932079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    932079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    932079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014581                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014581                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003279                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003279                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67142.487047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67142.487047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62829.908973                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62829.908973                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        72000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        72000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63740.614101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63740.614101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63740.614101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63740.614101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            399475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse            31.997381                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            10848800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            399507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             27.155469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           6876000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    31.997381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          22896121                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         22896121                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     10848800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        10848800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      10848800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         10848800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     10848800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        10848800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       399507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        399507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       399507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         399507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       399507                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        399507                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  22669740000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22669740000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  22669740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  22669740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  22669740000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  22669740000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.035517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.035517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.035517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56744.287334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56744.287334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56744.287334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56744.287334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56744.287334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56744.287334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       399507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       399507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       399507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       399507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       399507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       399507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  22270233000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22270233000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  22270233000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22270233000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  22270233000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22270233000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.035517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.035517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.035517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55744.287334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55744.287334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55744.287334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55744.287334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55744.287334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55744.287334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             402597                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             10771                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           401281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             11535                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            11535                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         399507                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3090                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1198489                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        41827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1240316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     25568448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1625344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                27193792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            826184                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  826184    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              826184                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           869268000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2119681000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           79725000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
