
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.023279                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23279172000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                23279172000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1256278                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1256272                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2600030124                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1162404                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    11247895                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          186368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        11932736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12119104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       186368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        186368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      3840768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         3840768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           186449                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              189361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         60012                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              60012                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst            8005783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          512592802                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             520598585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       8005783                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          8005783                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       164987311                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            164987311                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       164987311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst           8005783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         512592802                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            685585896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      189361                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      60012                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    189361                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    60012                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                8923840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 3195264                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1590272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12119104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              3840768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  49926                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 35137                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              4114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              2571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              3210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              7824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             34014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              2662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              5848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              5082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             4470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            16309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             5244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              6133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             2722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   23279114000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                189361                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                60012                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  139435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        44916                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    234.004097                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   153.250694                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   243.835678                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17664     39.33%     39.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12928     28.78%     68.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4894     10.90%     79.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3083      6.86%     85.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2003      4.46%     90.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1340      2.98%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          920      2.05%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          670      1.49%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1414      3.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        44916                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1469                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      94.867257                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     61.732184                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    149.634535                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            900     61.27%     61.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127          403     27.43%     88.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           43      2.93%     91.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           18      1.23%     92.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           18      1.23%     94.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           18      1.23%     95.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           15      1.02%     96.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           13      0.88%     97.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           10      0.68%     97.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            2      0.14%     98.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            9      0.61%     98.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            5      0.34%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      0.07%     99.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            3      0.20%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            1      0.07%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      0.14%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            2      0.14%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.07%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      0.14%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      0.14%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1469                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1469                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.914908                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.882967                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.048017                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              808     55.00%     55.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               40      2.72%     57.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              562     38.26%     95.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               57      3.88%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.07%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1469                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1269019000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              3883425250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  697175000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9101.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                27851.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       383.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        68.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    520.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    164.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    98848                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   20505                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 70.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                82.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      93350.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    72.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                178574760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 97436625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               562606200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               93960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy           1520085840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          13615772400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           2020374750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            18088810575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            777.231405                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3279441250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     777140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   19216823250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                160831440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 87755250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               524339400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               66951360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy           1520085840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          14805244980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            976959750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            18142168020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            779.525047                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1544869750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     777140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   20951983250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      1874617                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                        251                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                  1874868                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      791704                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       161                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  791865                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                      2666321                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                        412                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  2666733                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    11248307                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       246                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                11248553                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                         46558344                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    11247895                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10514741                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 141000                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      402531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1536192                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10514741                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        141000                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13983811                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7918881                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                94023                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               93952                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2666733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1874868                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     791865                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               46558343.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           2043087                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                595579      5.29%      5.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7883197     70.08%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17628      0.16%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   46977      0.42%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                   28187      0.25%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    9395      0.08%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1875478     16.67%     92.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  791866      7.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11248307                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            186385                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            63.985660                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             2479872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            186449                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             13.300538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          17746000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    63.985660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           5519091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          5519091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1730096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         1730096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       748638                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         748638                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data          528                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          528                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       2478734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          2478734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2478734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         2478734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       143911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        143911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        42456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        42456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       186367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         186367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       186367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        186367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   7776950000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7776950000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1541418000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1541418000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      4173000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      4173000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   9318368000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9318368000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   9318368000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9318368000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.076793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.076793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.053667                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.053667                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.134426                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.134426                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.069929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.069929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54039.996943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54039.996943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 36306.246467                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36306.246467                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50890.243902                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50890.243902                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50000.096584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50000.096584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50000.096584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50000.096584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        60012                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             60012                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       143911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       143911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        42456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        42456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       186367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       186367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       186367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       186367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7633039000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7633039000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1498962000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1498962000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4091000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4091000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9132001000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9132001000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9132001000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9132001000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.076793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.053667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.134426                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134426                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53039.996943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53039.996943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 35306.246467                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35306.246467                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49890.243902                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49890.243902                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49000.096584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49000.096584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49000.096584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49000.096584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               139                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1369.715821                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            11245395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           3861.742788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1369.715821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.167202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.167202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          918                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.338501                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          22499526                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         22499526                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     11245395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        11245395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      11245395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         11245395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     11245395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        11245395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    183299000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    183299000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    183299000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    183299000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    183299000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    183299000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62946.085165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62946.085165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62946.085165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62946.085165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62946.085165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62946.085165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    180387000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    180387000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    180387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    180387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    180387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    180387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61946.085165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61946.085165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61946.085165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61946.085165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61946.085165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61946.085165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             146905                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             60012                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           126512                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             42456                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            42456                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           2912                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        143993                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         5963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       559283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 565246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       186368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     15773504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                15959872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            375885                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  375885    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              375885                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           615933000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           15718500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          979459250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
