
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000140                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   139527000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  139527000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 274159                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   274066                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1276664089                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1151716                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                       29944                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         29944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           67904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data           42816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             110720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        67904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         67904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data              669                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                1730                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst          486672830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          306865338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             793538168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     486672830                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        486672830                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst         486672830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         306865338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            793538168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        1730                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      1730                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 110720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  110720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11               91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                     139476000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  1730                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    1730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          327                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    333.113150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   212.863235                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   312.878241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127           92     28.13%     28.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255           71     21.71%     49.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           60     18.35%     68.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           28      8.56%     76.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           12      3.67%     80.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           13      3.98%     84.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           13      3.98%     88.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      1.22%     89.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           34     10.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          327                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     10416750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                42854250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    8650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      6021.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                24771.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       793.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    793.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     1392                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 80.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      80621.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    80.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                   967680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                   528000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                 4461600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy              8645520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy             69655140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             18474750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy              102732690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            774.602991                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     32780750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF       4420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      97861250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  1413720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                   771375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 8502000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy              8645520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             89632215                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy               953250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy              109918080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            828.757295                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      1010250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF       4420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     127213000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                         3591                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                         14                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                     3605                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                        6229                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                        11                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                    6240                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                         9820                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                         25                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                     9845                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                       29969                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        43                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                   30012                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   29                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                           279054                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                       29944                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                         29944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                 27289                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    115                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         801                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts         3574                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                        27289                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           115                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads               37653                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes              16734                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   88                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  52                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                          9845                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        3605                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                       6240                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               279053.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                              4591                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  2310      7.71%      7.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                     17677     58.98%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       13      0.04%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      27      0.09%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                      17      0.06%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       5      0.02%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     3679     12.28%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                    6241     20.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                      29969                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           434.884368                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                9151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               669                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             13.678625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   434.884368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.106173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.106173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          669                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          263                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.163330                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             20309                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses            20309                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         3399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            3399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data         5606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           5606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          9005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             9005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         9005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            9005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          549                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          549                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          667                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           667                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      7096000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7096000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     30802000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30802000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       130000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       130000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     37898000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     37898000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     37898000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     37898000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         3517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data         6155                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         6155                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         9672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         9672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         9672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         9672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.033551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.089196                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.089196                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027027                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.027027                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.068962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.068962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.068962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.068962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 60135.593220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60135.593220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56105.646630                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56105.646630                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        65000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        65000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56818.590705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56818.590705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56818.590705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56818.590705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          549                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          549                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6978000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6978000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     30253000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30253000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       128000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       128000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     37231000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37231000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     37231000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37231000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.033551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.089196                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089196                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027027                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027027                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.068962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.068962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59135.593220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59135.593220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55105.646630                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55105.646630                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        64000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55818.590705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55818.590705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55818.590705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55818.590705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               933                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           114.811083                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs               28908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             27.245994                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          91064000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   114.811083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.896962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.896962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses             60999                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses            60999                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        28908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           28908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         28908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total            28908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        28908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total           28908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1061                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1061                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     60734000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60734000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     60734000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60734000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     60734000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60734000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        29969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        29969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        29969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        29969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        29969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.035403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.035403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.035403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57242.224317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57242.224317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57242.224317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57242.224317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57242.224317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57242.224317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59673000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59673000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59673000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59673000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59673000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59673000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.035403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.035403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.035403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56242.224317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56242.224317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56242.224317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56242.224317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56242.224317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56242.224317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1181                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              932                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               549                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              549                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           1061                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           120                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   4392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        67904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        42816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  110720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              2663                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    2663    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                2663                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             2663000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            5643250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy            3554500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
