
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000175                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   175052000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  175052000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 432640                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   432567                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1496947434                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1150756                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                       50577                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         50577                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           42368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data           78848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             121216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        42368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         42368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              662                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data             1232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                1894                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst          242030939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          450426159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             692457098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     242030939                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        242030939                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst         242030939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         450426159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            692457098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        1894                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      1894                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 121216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  121216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12               56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14               69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                     175001000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  1894                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    1894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    393.960265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   228.644326                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   380.469894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127           92     30.46%     30.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255           70     23.18%     53.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           30      9.93%     63.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           15      4.97%     68.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639            9      2.98%     71.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            5      1.66%     73.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           13      4.30%     77.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      2.32%     79.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           61     20.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     10161750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                45674250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    9470000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      5365.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                24115.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       692.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    692.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     1585                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 83.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      92397.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    83.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  1481760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                   808500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                10069800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy             11188320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            108920160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy              7390500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy              139859040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            815.231278                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     12411500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF       5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     154403500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                   786240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                   429000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 4399200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy             11188320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             73559070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             38409000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy              128770830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            750.598662                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     64145750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF       5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     102431250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                         5359                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                         12                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                     5371                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                       12515                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                        12                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                   12527                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                        17874                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                         24                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                    17898                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                       50601                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        39                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                   50640                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   65                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                           350104                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                       50577                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                         50577                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                 45421                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    161                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1222                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts         4920                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                        45421                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           161                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads               65042                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes              26468                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  114                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  92                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                         17898                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        5371                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      12527                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               350103.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                              6516                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  4551      8.99%      8.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                     27945     55.23%     64.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       21      0.04%     64.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     64.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      47      0.09%     64.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     64.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                      29      0.06%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       9      0.02%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     5471     10.81%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   12528     24.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                      50601                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           664.630776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs               16642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              1232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             13.508117                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   664.630776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.081132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.081132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          600                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          619                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.150391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             36980                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses            36980                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         5144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            5144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data        11299                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          11299                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data         16443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total            16443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data        16443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total           16443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         1116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data         1231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           1231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data         1231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          1231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      7049000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7049000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     61687000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     61687000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        51000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        51000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     68736000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     68736000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     68736000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     68736000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         5259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data        12415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        12415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data        17674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        17674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data        17674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        17674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.089891                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.089891                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.069650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.069650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 61295.652174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61295.652174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55275.089606                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55275.089606                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        51000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        51000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55837.530463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55837.530463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55837.530463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55837.530463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6934000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6934000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     60571000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60571000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        50000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        50000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     67505000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67505000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     67505000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67505000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.089891                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089891                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60295.652174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60295.652174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54275.089606                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54275.089606                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        50000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        50000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54837.530463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54837.530463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54837.530463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54837.530463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               105                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           330.188694                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs               49939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               662                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             75.436556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   330.188694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.322450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.322450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          557                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.543945                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses            101864                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses           101864                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        49939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           49939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         49939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total            49939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        49939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total           49939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     38069000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38069000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     38069000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     38069000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     38069000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     38069000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        50601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        50601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        50601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        50601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        50601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        50601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57506.042296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57506.042296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57506.042296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57506.042296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57506.042296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57506.042296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     37407000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37407000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     37407000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37407000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     37407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56506.042296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56506.042296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56506.042296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56506.042296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56506.042296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56506.042296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                778                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              105                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1116                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1116                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            662                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           116                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1429                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         2464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   3893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        42368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        78848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  121216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              1999                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    1999    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                1999                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1999000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            3528000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy            6515750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
