
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000148                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   147728000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  147728000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 156440                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   156421                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              771610830                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1152740                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                       29944                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         29944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           49088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data           70272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             119360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        49088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         49088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        49920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           49920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data             1098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                1865                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           780                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                780                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst          332286364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          475685043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             807971407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     332286364                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        332286364                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       337918336                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            337918336                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       337918336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst         332286364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         475685043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1145889743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        1865                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        780                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      1865                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      780                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 111296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    8064                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   44416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  119360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                49920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    126                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    61                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                     147677000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  1865                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  780                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    1739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    337.132743                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.699402                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   329.695889                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          134     29.65%     29.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          116     25.66%     55.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           51     11.28%     66.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           38      8.41%     75.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           24      5.31%     80.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           13      2.88%     83.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      2.43%     85.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      1.77%     87.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           57     12.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           43                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      39.697674                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     28.667890                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     40.264326                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23            24     55.81%     55.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31             4      9.30%     65.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39             1      2.33%     67.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47             5     11.63%     79.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63             1      2.33%     81.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71             2      4.65%     86.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87             1      2.33%     88.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95             1      2.33%     90.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            1      2.33%     93.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            2      4.65%     97.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      2.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            43                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           43                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.139535                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.132020                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.515539                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               40     93.02%     93.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                3      6.98%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            43                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     15871000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                48477250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    8695000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9126.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                27876.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       753.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       300.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    807.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    337.92                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         8.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     1338                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     633                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 76.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      55832.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    80.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                   990360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                   540375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                 3634800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 440640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy              9154080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy             84919455                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy              9756750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy              109436460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            779.392575                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     15845250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF       4680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     119969750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  2313360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  1262250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 9352200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                3952800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy              9154080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             94813515                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              1077750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy              121925955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            868.341173                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      1230750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF       4680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     134515500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                         3591                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                         14                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                     3605                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                        6229                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                        11                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                    6240                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                         9820                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                         25                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                     9845                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                       29969                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        43                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                   30012                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   29                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                           295456                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                       29944                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                         29944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                 27289                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    115                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         801                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts         3574                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                        27289                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           115                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads               37653                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes              16734                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   88                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  52                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                          9845                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        3605                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                       6240                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               295455.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                              4591                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  2310      7.71%      7.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                     17677     58.98%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       13      0.04%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      27      0.09%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                      17      0.06%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       5      0.02%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     3679     12.28%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                    6241     20.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                      29969                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements              1066                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            31.396221                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                8722                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              1098                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              7.943534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          13320000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    31.396221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.981132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             20738                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses            20738                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         3100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            3100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data         5493                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           5493                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data           55                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           55                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          8593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             8593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         8593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            8593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          662                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          662                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data         1079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           1079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data         1079                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          1079                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     23191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     23191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     37281000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37281000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       812000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       812000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     60472000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     60472000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     60472000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     60472000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         3517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data         6155                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         6155                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         9672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         9672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         9672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         9672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.118567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.118567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.107555                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.107555                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.256757                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.256757                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.111559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.111559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.111559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.111559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55613.908873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55613.908873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56315.709970                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56315.709970                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 42736.842105                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42736.842105                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56044.485635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56044.485635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56044.485635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56044.485635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          780                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               780                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     22774000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22774000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     36619000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36619000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       793000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       793000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     59393000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59393000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     59393000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59393000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.118567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.107555                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107555                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.256757                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256757                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.111559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.111559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54613.908873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54613.908873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55315.709970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55315.709970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 41736.842105                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41736.842105                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55044.485635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55044.485635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55044.485635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55044.485635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 9                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           333.089072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs               29202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               767                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             38.073012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   333.089072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.040660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.040660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          758                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          473                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.092529                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses             60705                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses            60705                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        29202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           29202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         29202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total            29202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        29202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total           29202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46461000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46461000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46461000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     46461000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46461000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     46461000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        29969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        29969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        29969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        29969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        29969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.025593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.025593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.025593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60574.967405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60574.967405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60574.967405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60574.967405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60574.967405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60574.967405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45694000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45694000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45694000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45694000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45694000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45694000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.025593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.025593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.025593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59574.967405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59574.967405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59574.967405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59574.967405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59574.967405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59574.967405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1203                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               780                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              295                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               662                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              662                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            767                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           436                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1543                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   4805                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        49088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       120192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  169280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              2940                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    2940    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                2940                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             6060000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            4088250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy            5813500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
