
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.029410                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 29410118000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                29410118000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1110536                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1110534                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2903732117                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1162404                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    11247895                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          189888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        20012992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           20202880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       189888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        189888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      5886016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         5886016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           312703                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              315670                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         91969                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              91969                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst            6456553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          680479827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             686936380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       6456553                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          6456553                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       200135749                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            200135749                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       200135749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst           6456553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         680479827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            887072129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      315670                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      91969                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    315670                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    91969                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               14890816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 5312064                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 2158016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                20202880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              5886016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  83001                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 58225                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              5923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              4497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              6179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             13113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             54475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             22195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              3547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             6893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            34931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            18060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            17132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            14289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             8178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              2496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              2638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             3025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             3762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   29410060000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                315670                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                91969                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  232669                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   2011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   2034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   2037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   2044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   2039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   2047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   2033                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   2026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   2026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   2026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   2026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   2027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   2026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   2026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   2026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        67663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    251.949810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   165.036889                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   254.902916                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        24239     35.82%     35.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        19043     28.14%     63.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8567     12.66%     76.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5089      7.52%     84.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3648      5.39%     89.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1991      2.94%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1269      1.88%     94.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          940      1.39%     95.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2877      4.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        67663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2026                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     114.810464                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     70.345757                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    225.961027                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          1805     89.09%     89.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           88      4.34%     93.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           25      1.23%     94.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           21      1.04%     95.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           22      1.09%     96.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           22      1.09%     97.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            7      0.35%     98.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            7      0.35%     98.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            5      0.25%     98.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            6      0.30%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            3      0.15%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.05%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            3      0.15%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.05%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            3      0.15%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            2      0.10%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.05%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.05%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.05%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          2026                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2026                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.643139                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.615913                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.969406                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             1378     68.02%     68.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               55      2.71%     70.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              533     26.31%     97.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               58      2.86%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          2026                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1996917250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              6359461000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1163345000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      8582.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                27332.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       506.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        73.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    686.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    200.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   170866                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   27855                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 73.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                82.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      72147.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    74.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                291120480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                158845500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               945913800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              128051280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy           1920831120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          18548432415                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1374801000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            23367995595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            794.588534                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2168511750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     982020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   26258408250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                220411800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                120264375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               868764000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               90447840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy           1920831120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          19157982435                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            840108000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            23218809570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            789.515720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1294083750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     982020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   27132836250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      1874617                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                        251                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                  1874868                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      791704                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       161                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  791865                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                      2666321                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                        412                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  2666733                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    11248307                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       246                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                11248553                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                         58820236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    11247895                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10514741                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 141000                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      402531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1536192                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10514741                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        141000                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13983811                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7918881                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                94023                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               93952                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2666733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1874868                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     791865                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               58820235.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           2043087                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                595579      5.29%      5.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7883197     70.08%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17628      0.16%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   46977      0.42%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                   28187      0.25%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    9395      0.08%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1875478     16.67%     92.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  791866      7.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11248307                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            312671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            31.997247                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             2353618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            312703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              7.526688                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          13019000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    31.997247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           5645345                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          5645345                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1627033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         1627033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       725489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         725489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data          486                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          486                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       2352522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          2352522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2352522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         2352522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       246974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        246974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        65605                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        65605                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       312579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         312579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       312579                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        312579                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  13302600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13302600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2243115000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2243115000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      6252000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      6252000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  15545715000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15545715000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  15545715000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15545715000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.131789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.131789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.082929                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.082929                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.203279                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.203279                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.117286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.117286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.117286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.117286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53862.349883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53862.349883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 34191.220181                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34191.220181                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50419.354839                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50419.354839                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49733.715317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49733.715317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49733.715317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49733.715317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        91969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             91969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       246974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       246974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        65605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        65605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       312579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       312579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       312579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       312579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  13055626000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13055626000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2177510000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2177510000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6128000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6128000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15233136000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15233136000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15233136000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15233136000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.131789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.082929                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082929                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.203279                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.203279                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.117286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.117286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52862.349883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52862.349883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33191.220181                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33191.220181                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49419.354839                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49419.354839                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 48733.715317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48733.715317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 48733.715317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48733.715317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               621                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1295.696900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            11245340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           3790.138187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1295.696900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.316332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.316332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2346                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          260                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          816                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1075                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.572754                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          22499581                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         22499581                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     11245340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        11245340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      11245340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         11245340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     11245340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        11245340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    188626000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    188626000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    188626000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    188626000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    188626000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    188626000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63574.654533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63574.654533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63574.654533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63574.654533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63574.654533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63574.654533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    185659000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    185659000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    185659000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    185659000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    185659000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    185659000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62574.654533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62574.654533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62574.654533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62574.654533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62574.654533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62574.654533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             250065                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             91969                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           221323                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             65605                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            65605                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           2967                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        247098                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         6555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       938077                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 944632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       189888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     25899008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                26088896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            628962                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  628962    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              628962                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           996838000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           16041250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         1641952750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
