
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.018315                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18314565000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                18314565000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1191699                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1191696                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1940394898                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1162404                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     9.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    11247895                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          186368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         5113536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            5299904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       186368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        186368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1874560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1874560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            79899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               82811                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         29290                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              29290                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           10175945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          279205976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             289381921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      10175945                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         10175945                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       102353509                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            102353509                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       102353509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          10175945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         279205976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            391735430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       82811                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      29290                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     82811                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    29290                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                4182592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 1117312                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1105216                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 5299904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1874560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  17458                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 11992                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              2353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              2012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              4275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              6608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              2812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              3059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             3343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             6316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             4526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             4732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             5343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             3268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              2809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   18314507000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 82811                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                29290                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   65353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        28259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    187.085459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   130.335336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   191.397878                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        12877     45.57%     45.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8268     29.26%     74.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2937     10.39%     85.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1736      6.14%     91.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1030      3.64%     95.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          611      2.16%     97.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          317      1.12%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          171      0.61%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          312      1.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        28259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1007                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      64.849057                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     50.664767                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     61.138804                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31            249     24.73%     24.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           428     42.50%     67.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95           185     18.37%     85.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           69      6.85%     92.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           21      2.09%     94.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           12      1.19%     95.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            5      0.50%     96.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           12      1.19%     97.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            7      0.70%     98.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            5      0.50%     98.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            4      0.40%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            2      0.20%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            4      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.10%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.10%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1007                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1007                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.148957                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.119473                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.001816                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              422     41.91%     41.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               32      3.18%     45.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              534     53.03%     98.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               19      1.89%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1007                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    730857250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1956226000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  326765000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     11183.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29933.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       228.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        60.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    289.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    102.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    40302                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   14058                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 61.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     163375.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    65.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                111706560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 60951000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               262594800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               63102240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy           1196133120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           9842434245                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           2354397750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            13891319715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            758.528110                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3859660500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     611520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   13842353250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                101931480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 55617375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               247041600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               48800880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy           1196133120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          10435078350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1834534500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            13919137305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            760.047075                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2993475000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     611520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   14708538750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      1874617                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                        251                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                  1874868                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      791704                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       161                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  791865                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                      2666321                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                        412                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  2666733                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    11248307                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       246                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                11248553                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                         36629130                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    11247895                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10514741                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 141000                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      402531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1536192                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10514741                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        141000                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13983811                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7918881                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                94023                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               93952                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2666733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1874868                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     791865                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               36629129.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           2043087                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                595579      5.29%      5.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7883197     70.08%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17628      0.16%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   46977      0.42%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                   28187      0.25%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    9395      0.08%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1875478     16.67%     92.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  791866      7.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11248307                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             79771                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           127.905893                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             2586422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             79899                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             32.371144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         105662000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   127.905893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           5412541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          5412541                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1816653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         1816653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       768593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         768593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data          566                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          566                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       2585246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          2585246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2585246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         2585246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        57354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         57354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        22501                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        22501                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        79855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          79855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        79855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         79855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3263824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3263824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1010270000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1010270000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      2280000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      2280000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   4274094000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4274094000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   4274094000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4274094000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.030605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.028443                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028443                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.072131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.072131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.029963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.029963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56906.649929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56906.649929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 44898.893383                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44898.893383                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 51818.181818                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51818.181818                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53523.185774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53523.185774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53523.185774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53523.185774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        29290                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             29290                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        57354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        22501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        22501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        79855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        79855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3206470000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3206470000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    987769000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    987769000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      2236000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2236000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4194239000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4194239000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4194239000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4194239000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.030605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.028443                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028443                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.072131                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072131                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.029963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.029963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55906.649929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55906.649929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43898.893383                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43898.893383                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 50818.181818                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50818.181818                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52523.185774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52523.185774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52523.185774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52523.185774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               139                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1371.083486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            11245395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           3861.742788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1371.083486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.167369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.167369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          870                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.338501                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          22499526                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         22499526                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     11245395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        11245395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      11245395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         11245395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     11245395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        11245395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    183462000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    183462000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    183462000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    183462000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    183462000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    183462000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63002.060440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63002.060440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63002.060440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63002.060440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63002.060440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63002.060440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    180550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    180550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    180550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    180550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    180550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    180550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62002.060440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62002.060440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62002.060440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62002.060440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62002.060440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62002.060440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              60310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             29290                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            50620                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             22501                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            22501                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           2912                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         57398                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         5963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       239569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 245532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       186368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6988096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 7174464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            162721                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  162721    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              162721                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           279881000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           15684750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          422763250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
