
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.016061                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16060824000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                16060824000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1441457                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1441450                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2058231814                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1162404                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    11247895                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          186368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         2244096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            2430464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       186368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        186368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1195072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1195072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            35064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               37976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         18673                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              18673                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           11603888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          139724836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             151328724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      11603888                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         11603888                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        74409134                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             74409134                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        74409134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          11603888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         139724836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            225737858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       37976                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      18673                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     37976                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    18673                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                2013440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  417024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  907648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 2430464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1195072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   6516                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                  4460                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              2591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              3893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              3643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              2063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             2196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             2041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             2341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   16060766000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 37976                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                18673                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   31460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        17856                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    163.422939                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   117.080937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   173.287838                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9019     50.51%     50.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5312     29.75%     80.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1663      9.31%     89.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          768      4.30%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          410      2.30%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          274      1.53%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          149      0.83%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           73      0.41%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          188      1.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        17856                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          822                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      38.189781                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     34.271606                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     24.547957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-15              6      0.73%      0.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-31           351     42.70%     43.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-47           308     37.47%     80.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-63            94     11.44%     92.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-79            31      3.77%     96.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-95            16      1.95%     98.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-111            4      0.49%     98.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-127            4      0.49%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-143            4      0.49%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            1      0.12%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-175            1      0.12%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::176-191            1      0.12%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::464-479            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           822                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          822                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.253041                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.224574                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.983027                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              307     37.35%     37.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               12      1.46%     38.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              491     59.73%     98.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               12      1.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           822                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    413901750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1003776750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  157300000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13156.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                31906.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       125.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        56.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    151.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     74.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    16275                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   11498                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     283513.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    60.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 75395880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 41138625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               140103600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               51956640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy           1048650720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           7535905020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           3022878750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            11916029235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            742.175724                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4984037500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     536120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   10535392000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 59451840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 32439000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               104707200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               39839040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy           1048650720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           7221943890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           3298266000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            11805297690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            735.280258                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5444386750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     536120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   10075469250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      1874617                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                        251                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                  1874868                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      791704                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       161                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  791865                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                      2666321                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                        412                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  2666733                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    11248307                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       246                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                11248553                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                         32121648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    11247895                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10514741                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 141000                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      402531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1536192                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10514741                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        141000                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13983811                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7918881                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                94023                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               93952                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2666733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1874868                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     791865                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               32121647.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           2043087                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                595579      5.29%      5.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7883197     70.08%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17628      0.16%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   46977      0.42%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                   28187      0.25%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    9395      0.08%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1875478     16.67%     92.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  791866      7.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11248307                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             34808                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           255.312549                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             2631257                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             35064                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             75.041553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         164004000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   255.312549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           5367706                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          5367706                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1854533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         1854533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       775530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         775530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data          584                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          584                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       2630063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          2630063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2630063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         2630063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        19474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         19474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        15564                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        15564                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        35038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          35038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        35038                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         35038                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1164324000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1164324000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    822075000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    822075000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      1301000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1301000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1986399000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1986399000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1986399000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1986399000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019674                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019674                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042623                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.042623                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59788.641265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59788.641265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52819.005397                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52819.005397                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50038.461538                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50038.461538                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56692.705063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56692.705063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56692.705063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56692.705063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             18673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        19474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        15564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        15564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        35038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        35038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1144850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1144850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    806511000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    806511000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      1275000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1275000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1951361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1951361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1951361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1951361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019674                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019674                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042623                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042623                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58788.641265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58788.641265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51819.005397                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51819.005397                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49038.461538                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49038.461538                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55692.705063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55692.705063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55692.705063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55692.705063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               139                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1363.154197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            11245395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           3861.742788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1363.154197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.166401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.166401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          870                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.338501                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          22499526                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         22499526                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     11245395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        11245395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      11245395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         11245395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     11245395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        11245395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    180603000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    180603000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    180603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    180603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    180603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    180603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62020.260989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62020.260989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62020.260989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62020.260989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62020.260989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62020.260989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    177691000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    177691000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    177691000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    177691000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    177691000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    177691000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61020.260989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61020.260989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61020.260989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61020.260989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61020.260989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61020.260989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              22412                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             18673                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            16274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             15564                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            15564                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           2912                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         19500                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         5963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       104936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 110899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       186368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3439168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3625536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             72923                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   72923    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               72923                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           147615000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           15664500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          186838750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
