
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000205                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   205307000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  205307000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 262997                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   262969                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1067374954                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1149732                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                       50577                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         50577                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           40576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          111104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             151680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        40576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         40576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        85824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           85824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              634                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data             1736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                2370                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1341                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1341                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst          197635736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          541160311                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             738796047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     197635736                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        197635736                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       418027637                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            418027637                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       418027637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst         197635736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         541160311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1156823684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        2370                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1341                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      2370                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1341                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 145664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6016                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   83584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  151680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                85824                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     94                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12               76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                     205256000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  2370                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1341                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    2276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    423.283582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   251.079300                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   387.404797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          143     26.68%     26.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          120     22.39%     49.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           59     11.01%     60.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           27      5.04%     65.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           23      4.29%     69.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           11      2.05%     71.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           17      3.17%     74.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      1.49%     76.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          128     23.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           80                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      27.925000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.962404                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     42.734321                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-15              7      8.75%      8.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-31            62     77.50%     86.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-47             4      5.00%     91.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-63             3      3.75%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-79             3      3.75%     98.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-399            1      1.25%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            80                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           80                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.325000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.306023                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.823315                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               68     85.00%     85.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      1.25%     86.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                9     11.25%     97.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      1.25%     98.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      1.25%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            80                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     18981000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                61656000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   11380000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      8339.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                27089.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       709.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       407.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    738.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    418.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         8.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    3.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     1848                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1191                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 81.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      55310.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    84.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  2638440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  1439625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                11622000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                5773680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy             13222560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            132620760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy              5287500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy              172604565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            851.516706                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      7929750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF       6760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     188026500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  1398600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                   763125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 5826600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2689200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy             13222560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            122846400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             13861500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy              160607985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            792.333518                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     22550000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF       6760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     173635000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                         5359                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                         12                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                     5371                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                       12515                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                        12                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                   12527                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                        17874                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                         24                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                    17898                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                       50601                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        39                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                   50640                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   65                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                           410614                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                       50577                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                         50577                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                 45421                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    161                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1222                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts         4920                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                        45421                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           161                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads               65042                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes              26468                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  114                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  92                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                         17898                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        5371                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      12527                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               410613.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                              6516                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  4551      8.99%      8.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                     27945     55.23%     64.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       21      0.04%     64.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     64.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      47      0.09%     64.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     64.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                      29      0.06%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       9      0.02%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     5471     10.81%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   12528     24.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                      50601                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements              1608                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           119.866775                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs               16138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              1736                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              9.296083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          40764000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   119.866775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.936459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.936459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             37484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses            37484                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         4818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            4818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data        11130                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          11130                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data         15948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total            15948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data        15948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total           15948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         1285                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1285                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data         1726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           1726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data         1726                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          1726                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     25601000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     25601000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     73002000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73002000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       495000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       495000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     98603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     98603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     98603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     98603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         5259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data        12415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        12415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data        17674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        17674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data        17674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        17674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.083856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.083856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.103504                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.103504                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.100000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.100000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.097658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.097658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 58052.154195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58052.154195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56810.894942                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56810.894942                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        49500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        49500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57128.041715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57128.041715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57128.041715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57128.041715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1341                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              1341                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     25160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     71717000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71717000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       485000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       485000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     96877000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96877000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     96877000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96877000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.083856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.103504                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103504                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.097658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.097658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57052.154195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57052.154195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55810.894942                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55810.894942                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        48500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        48500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56128.041715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56128.041715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56128.041715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56128.041715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                25                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           353.174316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs               49967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               634                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             78.812303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   353.174316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.172448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.172448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          609                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.297363                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses            101836                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses           101836                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        49967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           49967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         49967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total            49967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        49967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total           49967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     38384000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38384000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     38384000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     38384000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     38384000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     38384000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        50601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        50601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        50601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        50601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        50601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        50601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60542.586751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60542.586751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60542.586751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60542.586751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60542.586751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60542.586751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     37750000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37750000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     37750000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37750000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     37750000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37750000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59542.586751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59542.586751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59542.586751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59542.586751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59542.586751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59542.586751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1085                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1341                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              292                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1285                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1285                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            634                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           451                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         5080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        40576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       196928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  237504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              4003                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    4003    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                4003                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             9367000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            3383250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy            9179750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
