
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000176                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   175751000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  175751000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 334928                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   334875                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1163506303                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1149732                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                       50577                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         50577                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           40576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data           80192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             120768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        40576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         40576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        13696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           13696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              634                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data             1253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                1887                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           214                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                214                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst          230872086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          456281899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             687153985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     230872086                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        230872086                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        77928433                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             77928433                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        77928433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst         230872086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         456281899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            765082418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        1887                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        214                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      1887                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      214                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 120384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   12288                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  120768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                13696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12               58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14               69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                     175700000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  1887                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  214                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    1881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          325                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    400.935385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   235.568079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   378.048415                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127           95     29.23%     29.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255           72     22.15%     51.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           33     10.15%     61.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           19      5.85%     67.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           14      4.31%     71.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      2.15%     73.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           13      4.00%     77.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      1.85%     79.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           66     20.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          325                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           12                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     155.916667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     45.602407                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    371.651953                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              7     58.33%     58.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            3     25.00%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      8.33%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      8.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            12                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           12                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               12    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            12                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     11408000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                46676750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    9405000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      6064.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                24814.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       684.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        69.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    687.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     77.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     1573                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     165                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 83.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                77.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      83626.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    82.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  1610280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                   878625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                 9984000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 939600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy             11188320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            109262160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy              7090500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy              140953485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            821.610743                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     12433500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF       5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     154834500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                   816480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                   445500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 4368000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 200880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy             11188320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             76561830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             35775000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy              129356010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            754.009647                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     60161000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF       5720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     106851000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                         5359                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                         12                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                     5371                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                       12515                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                        12                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                   12527                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                        17874                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                         24                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                    17898                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                       50601                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        39                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                   50640                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   65                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                           351502                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                       50577                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                         50577                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                 45421                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    161                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1222                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts         4920                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                        45421                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           161                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads               65042                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes              26468                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  114                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  92                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                         17898                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        5371                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      12527                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               351501.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                              6516                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  4551      8.99%      8.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                     27945     55.23%     64.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       21      0.04%     64.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     64.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      47      0.09%     64.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     64.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                      29      0.06%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       9      0.02%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     5471     10.81%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   12528     24.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                      50601                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements               267                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           602.048992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs               16621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              1253                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             13.264964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   602.048992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.587938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.587938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          986                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          575                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.962891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             37001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses            37001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         5128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            5128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data        11294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          11294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data         16422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total            16422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data        16422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total           16422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         1121                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1121                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data         1252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           1252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data         1252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          1252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      8263000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8263000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     62750000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     62750000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        51000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        51000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     71013000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     71013000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     71013000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     71013000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         5259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data        12415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        12415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data        17674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        17674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data        17674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        17674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.090294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.090294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.070839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.070839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.070839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.070839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63076.335878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63076.335878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55976.806423                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55976.806423                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        51000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        51000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56719.648562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56719.648562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56719.648562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56719.648562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          214                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               214                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      8132000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8132000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     61629000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61629000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        50000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        50000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     69761000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69761000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     69761000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69761000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.090294                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090294                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.070839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.070839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62076.335878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62076.335878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54976.806423                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54976.806423                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        50000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        50000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55719.648562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55719.648562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55719.648562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55719.648562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                25                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           344.363925                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs               49967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               634                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             78.812303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   344.363925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.168146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.168146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          609                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.297363                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses            101836                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses           101836                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        49967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           49967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         49967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total            49967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        49967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total           49967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36547000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36547000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36547000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     36547000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36547000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     36547000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        50601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        50601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        50601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        50601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        50601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        50601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57645.110410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57645.110410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57645.110410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57645.110410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57645.110410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57645.110410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35913000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35913000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35913000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35913000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56645.110410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56645.110410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56645.110410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56645.110410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56645.110410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56645.110410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                766                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               214                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict               78                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1121                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1121                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            634                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         2773                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   4066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        40576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        93888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  134464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              2179                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    2179    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                2179                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             3035000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            3378000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy            6627250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
