
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015324                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15324266000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                15324266000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1430226                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1430222                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1948547895                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1162436                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    11247895                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          189888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         1320192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1510080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       189888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        189888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       911232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          911232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            20628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               23595                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         14238                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              14238                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           12391328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           86150423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              98541751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      12391328                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         12391328                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        59463337                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             59463337                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        59463337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          12391328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          86150423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            158005088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       23595                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      14238                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     23595                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    14238                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1354752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  155328                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  809536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1510080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               911232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   2427                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                  1564                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              2048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              2075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15324208000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 23595                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                14238                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   21168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        13170                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    164.290964                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   115.555697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.267972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         6945     52.73%     52.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3625     27.52%     80.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1087      8.25%     88.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          637      4.84%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          340      2.58%     95.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          198      1.50%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          126      0.96%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           69      0.52%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          143      1.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        13170                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          728                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      29.009615                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     26.182484                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     30.744878                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31            542     74.45%     74.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           169     23.21%     97.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            11      1.51%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            2      0.27%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.14%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.14%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      0.14%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::736-767            1      0.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           728                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          728                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.375000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.348967                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.938717                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              227     31.18%     31.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                9      1.24%     32.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              484     66.48%     98.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                8      1.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           728                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    282675250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               679575250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  105840000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13353.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                32103.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        88.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        52.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     98.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     59.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    10745                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    9899                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                78.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     405048.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    61.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 56480760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 30817875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                96993000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               46584720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy           1000846080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           6417078525                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           3565143750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            11213944710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            731.808760                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5891674000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     511680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    8920259750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 43084440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 23508375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                68047200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               35380800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy           1000846080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           5898001185                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           4020474750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            11089342830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            723.677388                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6652470250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     511680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    8159463500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      1874617                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                        251                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                  1874868                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      791704                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       161                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  791865                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                      2666321                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                        412                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  2666733                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    11248307                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       246                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                11248553                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                         30648532                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    11247895                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10514741                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 141000                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      402531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1536192                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10514741                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        141000                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13983811                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7918881                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                94023                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               93952                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2666733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1874868                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     791865                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               30648531.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           2043087                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                595579      5.29%      5.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7883197     70.08%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17628      0.16%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   46977      0.42%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                   28187      0.25%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    9395      0.08%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1875478     16.67%     92.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  791866      7.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11248307                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             20116                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           509.235782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             2645693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             20628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            128.257369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         276037000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   509.235782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.994601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           5353270                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          5353270                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1866293                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         1866293                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       778190                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         778190                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data          600                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          600                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       2644483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          2644483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2644483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         2644483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         7714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          7714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        12904                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        12904                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        20618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          20618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        20618                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         20618                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    490507000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    490507000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    745123000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    745123000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       870000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       870000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1235630000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1235630000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1235630000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1235630000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016312                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016312                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63586.595800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63586.595800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57743.567886                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57743.567886                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        87000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        87000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59929.673101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59929.673101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59929.673101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59929.673101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14238                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             14238                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         7714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12904                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12904                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        20618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        20618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    482793000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    482793000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    732219000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    732219000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       860000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       860000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1215012000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1215012000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1215012000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1215012000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016312                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016312                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62586.595800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62586.595800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56743.567886                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56743.567886                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        86000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        86000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58929.673101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58929.673101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58929.673101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58929.673101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               621                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1272.063709                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            11245340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           3790.138187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1272.063709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.310562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.310562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2346                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          284                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          612                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.572754                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          22499581                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         22499581                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     11245340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        11245340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      11245340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         11245340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     11245340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        11245340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    183377000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    183377000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    183377000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    183377000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    183377000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    183377000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61805.527469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61805.527469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61805.527469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61805.527469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61805.527469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61805.527469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    180410000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    180410000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    180410000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    180410000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    180410000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    180410000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60805.527469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60805.527469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60805.527469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60805.527469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60805.527469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60805.527469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10691                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             14238                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             6499                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             12904                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            12904                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           2967                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7724                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         6555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        61372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  67927                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       189888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2231424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2421312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             44332                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   44332    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               44332                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           101284000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           15933500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          110529250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
