
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.059848                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59848220000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                59848220000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 459251                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   459249                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4558452858                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1154544                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    13.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     6029497                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6029497                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           28288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        55063360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           55091648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        28288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         28288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     55047424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        55047424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           860365                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              860807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        860116                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             860116                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             472662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          920050087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             920522749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        472662                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           472662                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       919783813                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            919783813                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       919783813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            472662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         920050087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1840306562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      860807                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     860116                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    860807                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   860116                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               55091648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                55046208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                55091648                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             55047424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             53833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             53768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             53766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             53760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             53768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             53794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             53774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             53849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             53780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             53797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            53821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            53800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            53807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            53858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            53839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            53793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             53760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             53760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             53760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             53752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             53755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             53759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             53752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             53752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             53754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             53752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            53752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            53760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            53752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            53752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            53765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            53760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   59848162000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                860807                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               860116                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  860807                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  53757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  53757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  53757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  53756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  53756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  53756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  53756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  53756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  53756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  53756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  53756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  53756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  53756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  53756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  53756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  53756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       194717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    565.623834                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   519.451355                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   212.970635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4187      2.15%      2.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5144      2.64%      4.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5805      2.98%      7.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4820      2.48%     10.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639       138616     71.19%     81.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5136      2.64%     84.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1931      0.99%     85.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5079      2.61%     87.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        23999     12.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       194717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        53756                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.011199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.001652                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.186688                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31          53754    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         53756                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        53756                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.000019                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000018                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.004313                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            53755    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         53756                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   8896141250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             25036272500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 4304035000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     10334.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29084.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       920.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       919.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    920.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    919.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        14.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     7.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    7.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   743538                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  782642                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 86.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      34776.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    88.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                733524120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                400236375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              3356425800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2786724000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy           3908792160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          38810725155                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1862730750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            51859158360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            866.552448                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2892022000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    1998360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   54955229000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                738528840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                402967125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              3357588000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2786704560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy           3908792160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          38648052000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           2005427250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            51848059935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            866.366978                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3129443500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    1998360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   54717589000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                       861618                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       1704                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   863322                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      861544                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                    107531                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  969075                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                      1723162                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                     109235                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1832397                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     6138732                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        28                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 6138760                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        119696440                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6029497                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6029497                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6138209                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     49                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         301                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       861181                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6138209                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                            49                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9689382                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4306131                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   37                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  22                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1832397                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      863322                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     969075                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               119696439.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                            861575                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   365      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4305919     70.14%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        6      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      12      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       8      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       2      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   863344     14.06%     84.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  969076     15.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6138732                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            860120                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           196.951501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              862797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            860365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              1.002827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   196.951501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.192335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.192335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.239258                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           4306689                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          4306689                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       861505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          861505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data         1250                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           1250                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        862755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           862755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       862755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          862755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       860272                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       860272                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       860363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         860363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       860363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        860363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      5763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  52815000000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  52815000000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       130000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       130000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  52820763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  52820763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  52820763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  52820763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       861596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       861596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       861522                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       861522                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1723118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1723118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1723118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1723118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998549                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.998549                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.090909                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.090909                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.499306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.499306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.499306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.499306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63329.670330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63329.670330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 61393.373259                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61393.373259                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        65000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        65000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 61393.578059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61393.578059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 61393.578059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61393.578059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       860116                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            860116                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       860272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       860272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       860363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       860363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       860363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       860363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5672000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5672000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  51954728000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51954728000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       128000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       128000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  51960400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51960400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  51960400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51960400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998549                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998549                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.499306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.499306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.499306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.499306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62329.670330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62329.670330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60393.373259                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60393.373259                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        64000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60393.578059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60393.578059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60393.578059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60393.578059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               103                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           246.948936                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             6138290                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               442                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          13887.533937                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   246.948936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.482322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.482322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          339                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.662109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          12277906                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         12277906                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      6138290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         6138290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       6138290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          6138290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      6138290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         6138290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     25108000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     25108000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     25108000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     25108000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     25108000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     25108000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      6138732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6138732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      6138732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      6138732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      6138732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      6138732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56805.429864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56805.429864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56805.429864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56805.429864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56805.429864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56805.429864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     24666000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24666000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     24666000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24666000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     24666000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24666000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55805.429864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55805.429864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55805.429864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55805.429864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55805.429864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55805.429864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                535                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            860116                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              107                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            860272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           860272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            442                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            93                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2580850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2581837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        28288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    110110784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               110139072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1721030                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 1721030    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1721030                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          5161494000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               8.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2350750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         4565576750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              7.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
