
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.023282                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23282273000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                23282273000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1216552                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1216550                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2518152735                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1162404                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     9.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    11247895                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          189888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        11932736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12122624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       189888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        189888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      3840768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         3840768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           186449                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              189416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         60012                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              60012                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst            8155905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          512524529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             520680434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       8155905                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          8155905                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       164965337                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            164965337                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       164965337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst           8155905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         512524529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            685645770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      189416                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      60012                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    189416                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    60012                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                8927936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 3194688                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1588352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12122624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              3840768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  49917                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 35162                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              4119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              2580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              3204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              7870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             34011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              2674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              5898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              5075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             4492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            16300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             5220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              6094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             2124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             2678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   23282215000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                189416                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                60012                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  139499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        45128                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    233.008332                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   152.559370                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   243.378340                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17866     39.59%     39.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12941     28.68%     68.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4938     10.94%     79.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3051      6.76%     85.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1986      4.40%     90.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1346      2.98%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          930      2.06%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          637      1.41%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1433      3.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        45128                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1467                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      95.028630                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     61.834201                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    150.153548                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            903     61.55%     61.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127          402     27.40%     88.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           39      2.66%     91.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           18      1.23%     92.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           18      1.23%     94.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           20      1.36%     95.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           13      0.89%     96.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           12      0.82%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           10      0.68%     97.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            3      0.20%     98.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            8      0.55%     98.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            6      0.41%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      0.07%     99.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            3      0.20%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            1      0.07%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      0.14%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            2      0.14%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.07%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      0.14%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      0.14%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1467                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1467                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.917519                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.886625                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.029251                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              794     54.12%     54.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               47      3.20%     57.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              580     39.54%     96.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               45      3.07%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1467                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1268914250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              3884520500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  697495000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9096.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                27846.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       383.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        68.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    520.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    164.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    98764                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   20422                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 70.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                82.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      93342.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    72.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                179247600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 97803750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               563823000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               93914640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy           1520594400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          13637570625                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           2005907250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            18098861265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            777.404175                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3255314000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     777400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   19248447250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                161920080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 88349250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               524136600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               66906000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy           1520594400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          14792516595                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            992796750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            18147219675                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            779.481324                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1570312750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     777400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   20933448500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      1874617                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                        251                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                  1874868                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      791704                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       161                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  791865                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                      2666321                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                        412                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  2666733                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    11248307                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       246                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                11248553                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                         46564546                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    11247895                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10514741                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 141000                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      402531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1536192                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10514741                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        141000                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13983811                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7918881                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                94023                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               93952                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2666733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1874868                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     791865                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               46564545.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           2043087                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                595579      5.29%      5.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7883197     70.08%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17628      0.16%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   46977      0.42%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                   28187      0.25%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    9395      0.08%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1875478     16.67%     92.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  791866      7.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11248307                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            186385                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            63.985662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             2479872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            186449                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             13.300538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          17746000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    63.985662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           5519091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          5519091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1730096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         1730096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       748638                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         748638                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data          528                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          528                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       2478734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          2478734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2478734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         2478734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       143911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        143911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        42456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        42456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       186367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         186367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       186367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        186367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   7770728000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7770728000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1546715000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1546715000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      4097000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      4097000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   9317443000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9317443000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   9317443000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9317443000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.076793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.076793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.053667                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.053667                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.134426                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.134426                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.069929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.069929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53996.761888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53996.761888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 36431.010929                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36431.010929                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49963.414634                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49963.414634                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49995.133259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49995.133259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49995.133259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49995.133259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        60012                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             60012                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       143911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       143911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        42456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        42456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       186367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       186367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       186367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       186367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7626817000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7626817000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1504259000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1504259000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4015000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4015000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9131076000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9131076000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9131076000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9131076000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.076793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.053667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.134426                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134426                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52996.761888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52996.761888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 35431.010929                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35431.010929                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 48963.414634                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48963.414634                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 48995.133259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48995.133259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 48995.133259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48995.133259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               621                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1292.209600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            11245340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           3790.138187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1292.209600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.315481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.315481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2346                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          281                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          834                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1044                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.572754                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          22499581                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         22499581                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     11245340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        11245340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      11245340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         11245340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     11245340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        11245340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    187331000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    187331000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    187331000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    187331000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    187331000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    187331000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63138.186721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63138.186721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63138.186721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63138.186721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63138.186721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63138.186721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    184364000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    184364000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    184364000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    184364000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    184364000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    184364000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62138.186721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62138.186721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62138.186721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62138.186721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62138.186721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62138.186721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             146960                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             60012                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           126994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             42456                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            42456                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           2967                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        143993                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         6555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       559283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 565838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       189888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     15773504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                15963392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            376422                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  376422    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              376422                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           616470000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           16018000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          979512500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
