
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000375                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   375281000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  375281000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 561709                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   561650                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2123131776                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1151792                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                       99267                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         99267                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           71680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          198016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             269696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        71680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         71680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       121664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          121664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data             3094                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                4214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1901                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1901                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst          191003541                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          527647283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             718650824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     191003541                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        191003541                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       324194404                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            324194404                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       324194404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst         191003541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         527647283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1042845228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        4214                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1901                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      4214                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1901                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 240832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   28864                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  106560                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  269696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               121664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    451                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                   210                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                     375222000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  4214                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1901                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         1212                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    285.570957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   180.802427                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   292.882394                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          394     32.51%     32.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          352     29.04%     61.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          153     12.62%     74.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           80      6.60%     80.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           56      4.62%     85.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           37      3.05%     88.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           26      2.15%     90.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      1.24%     91.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           99      8.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         1212                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          102                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      36.558824                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     30.870835                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     28.762108                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15              1      0.98%      0.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23            35     34.31%     35.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31            25     24.51%     59.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39             9      8.82%     68.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47            10      9.80%     78.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55             9      8.82%     87.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63             4      3.92%     91.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71             2      1.96%     93.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79             2      1.96%     95.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87             1      0.98%     96.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95             1      0.98%     97.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            1      0.98%     98.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.98%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::232-239            1      0.98%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           102                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          102                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.323529                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.308050                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.733387                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               85     83.33%     83.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.98%     84.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               16     15.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           102                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     39620500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               110176750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   18815000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     10528.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29278.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       641.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       283.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    718.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    324.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         7.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     2723                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1490                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 72.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      61360.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    77.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  2532600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  1381875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                 8424000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2021760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy             24410880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            232676280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             20298000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy              291745395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            780.067901                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     33440500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      12480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     329221500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  6630120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  3617625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                20771400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                8767440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy             24410880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            250848450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              4357500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy              319403415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            854.019826                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5836750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      12480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     355697000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                        17083                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                         19                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                    17102                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                       17158                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                        13                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                   17171                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                        34241                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                         32                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                    34273                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                       99299                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        56                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                   99355                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   27                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                           750562                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                       99267                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                         99267                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                 93040                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    711                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3160                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        12337                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                        93040                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           711                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads              127153                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes              61769                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  567                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 413                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                         34273                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       17102                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      17171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               750561.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                             16682                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  4480      4.51%      4.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                     59865     60.29%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       17      0.02%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     204      0.21%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       6      0.01%     65.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                      83      0.08%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                      26      0.03%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    17446     17.57%     82.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   17172     17.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                      99299                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements              3030                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            63.087955                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs               31147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              3094                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             10.066904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          15020000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    63.087955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.985749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             71576                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses            71576                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data        15043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           15043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data        15463                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          15463                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data          297                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          297                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data          344                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          344                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data         30506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total            30506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data        30506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total           30506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         1696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          1696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         1351                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1351                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data         3047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           3047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data         3047                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          3047                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     94066000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94066000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     78026000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78026000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      1734000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1734000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    172092000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    172092000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    172092000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    172092000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data        16739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        16739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data        16814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data          344                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          344                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data          344                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          344                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data        33553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        33553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data        33553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        33553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.101320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.101320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.080350                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.080350                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.136628                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.136628                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.090812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.090812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.090812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.090812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55463.443396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55463.443396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57754.256107                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57754.256107                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 36893.617021                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36893.617021                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56479.159829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56479.159829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56479.159829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56479.159829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1901                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              1901                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1351                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1351                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     92370000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92370000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     76675000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76675000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      1687000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1687000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    169045000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    169045000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    169045000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    169045000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.101320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.080350                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080350                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.136628                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136628                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.090812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.090812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54463.443396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54463.443396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56754.256107                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56754.256107                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 35893.617021                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35893.617021                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55479.159829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55479.159829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55479.159829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55479.159829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                28                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           569.388111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs               98179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             87.659821                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   569.388111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.139011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.139011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1092                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          304                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          751                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.266602                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses            199718                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses           199718                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        98179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           98179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         98179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total            98179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        98179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total           98179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1120                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1120                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     68893000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68893000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     68893000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68893000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     68893000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68893000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        99299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        99299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        99299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        99299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        99299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61511.607143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61511.607143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61511.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61511.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61511.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61511.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     67773000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67773000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     67773000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67773000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     67773000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67773000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60511.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60511.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60511.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60511.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60511.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60511.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2863                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1901                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1157                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           1120                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1743                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         2268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         9218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        71680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       319680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  391360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              7272                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    7272    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                7272                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            14876000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            6006500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           16383750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
