
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.059251                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59251228000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                59251228000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 473893                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   473891                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4656867197                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1154516                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    12.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     6029497                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6029497                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           27264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        55071104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           55098368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        27264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         27264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     55059840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        55059840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           860486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              860912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        860310                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             860310                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             460142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          929450846                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             929910989                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        460142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           460142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       929260740                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            929260740                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       929260740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            460142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         929450846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1859171729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      860912                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     860310                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    860912                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   860310                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               55095360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3008                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                55057728                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                55098368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             55059840                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     47                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    11                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             53836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             53768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             53766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             53760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             53768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             53804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             53778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             53849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             53781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             53794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            53818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            53800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            53818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            53886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            53849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            53790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             53760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             53760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             53760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             53760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             53760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             53782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             53766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             53760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             53762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             53760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            53760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            53760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            53772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            53781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            53811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            53763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   59251142000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                860912                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               860310                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  860865                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  53762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  53798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  53816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  53762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  53762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  53761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  53761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  53761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  53761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  53761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  53761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  53761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  53761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  53761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  53761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  53761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       148241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    743.048630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   647.965463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   299.002136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         5760      3.89%      3.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4871      3.29%      7.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3280      2.21%      9.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          857      0.58%      9.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        52516     35.43%     45.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2822      1.90%     47.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5254      3.54%     50.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5822      3.93%     54.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        67059     45.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       148241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        53761                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.012146                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.005240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.146675                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23         53754     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47             1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55             1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71             1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79             1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87             1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95             1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::240-247            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         53761                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        53761                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.001879                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.001814                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.046613                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            53668     99.83%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               85      0.16%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                8      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         53761                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   8309388750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             24450607500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 4304325000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9652.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28402.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       929.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       929.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    929.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    929.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        14.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     7.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    7.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   745562                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  827329                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 86.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                96.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      34423.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                560135520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                305629500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              3356503800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2787099840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy           3869633040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          37485795780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           2665224750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            51030022230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            861.326727                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4232578250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    1978340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   53035596750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                560483280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                305819250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              3357712800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2787391440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy           3869633040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          37479212280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           2671002750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            51031254840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            861.347459                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4241138750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    1978340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   53026375500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                       861618                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       1704                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   863322                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      861544                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                    107531                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  969075                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                      1723162                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                     109235                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1832397                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     6138732                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        28                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 6138760                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        118502456                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6029497                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6029497                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6138209                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     49                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         301                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       861181                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6138209                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                            49                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9689382                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4306131                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   37                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  22                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1832397                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      863322                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     969075                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               118502455.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                            861575                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   365      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4305919     70.14%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        6      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      12      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       8      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       2      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   863344     14.06%     84.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  969076     15.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6138732                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            860422                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            63.994244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              862676                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            860486                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              1.002545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          24856000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    63.994244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           4306810                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          4306810                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       861407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          861407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data         1229                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           1229                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        862636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           862636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       862636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          862636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       860293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       860293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       860482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         860482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       860482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        860482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     10559000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10559000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  52213162000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  52213162000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       228000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       228000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  52223721000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  52223721000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  52223721000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  52223721000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       861596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       861596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       861522                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       861522                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1723118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1723118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1723118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1723118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998573                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.998573                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.181818                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.181818                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.499375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.499375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.499375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.499375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55867.724868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55867.724868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 60692.301344                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60692.301344                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        57000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        57000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 60691.241653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60691.241653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 60691.241653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60691.241653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       860310                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            860310                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       860293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       860293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       860482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       860482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       860482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       860482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     10370000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10370000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  51352869000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51352869000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       224000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       224000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  51363239000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51363239000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  51363239000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51363239000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998573                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998573                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.181818                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181818                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.499375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.499375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.499375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.499375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54867.724868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54867.724868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59692.301344                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59692.301344                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        56000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        56000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59691.241653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59691.241653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59691.241653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59691.241653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 5                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           273.942390                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             6138306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               426                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          14409.169014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   273.942390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.133761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.133761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          421                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.205566                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          12277890                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         12277890                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      6138306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         6138306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       6138306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          6138306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      6138306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         6138306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     25175000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     25175000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     25175000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     25175000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     25175000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     25175000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      6138732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6138732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      6138732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      6138732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      6138732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      6138732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59096.244131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59096.244131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59096.244131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59096.244131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59096.244131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59096.244131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     24749000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24749000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     24749000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24749000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     24749000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24749000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58096.244131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58096.244131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58096.244131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58096.244131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58096.244131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58096.244131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                619                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            860310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              117                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            860293                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           860293                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            426                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2581394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2582251                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        27264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    110130944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               110158208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1721339                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 1721339    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1721339                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          5162579000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               8.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2267000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         4551982500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              7.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
