
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.016214                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16214351000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                16214351000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1444118                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1444115                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2081752156                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1162404                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    11247895                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst         1520768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          813504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            2334272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1520768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1520768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       511232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          511232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst            23762                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            12711                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               36473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          7988                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               7988                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           93791481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           50171851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             143963332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      93791481                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         93791481                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        31529600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             31529600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        31529600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          93791481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          50171851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            175492932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       36473                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       7988                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     36473                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     7988                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                2331840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  507328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 2334272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               511232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     38                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    30                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              2401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              5208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              2642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              3563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              3764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             4958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             2722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   16214293000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 36473                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 7988                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   36435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        16577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    171.140255                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   126.733631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   165.315549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         7076     42.69%     42.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5712     34.46%     77.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2014     12.15%     89.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          929      5.60%     94.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          328      1.98%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          157      0.95%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          131      0.79%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           73      0.44%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          157      0.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        16577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          463                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      78.542117                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     61.211498                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    105.159237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            199     42.98%     42.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127          224     48.38%     91.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           25      5.40%     96.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            9      1.94%     98.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            3      0.65%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.22%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.22%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.22%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           463                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          463                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.120950                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.092706                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.979472                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              197     42.55%     42.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               13      2.81%     45.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              253     54.64%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           463                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    412035750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1095192000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  182175000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     11308.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                30058.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       143.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        31.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    143.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     31.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    22002                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    5775                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 60.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                72.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     364685.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    62.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 75373200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 41126250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               161311800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               32361120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy           1058821920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           7098733260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           3499780500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            11967508050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            738.223207                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5777905000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     541320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    9892021250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 49888440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 27220875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               122530200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               19005840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy           1058821920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           6467958720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           4053091500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            11798517495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            727.798919                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6702710750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     541320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    8967750250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      1874617                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                        251                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                  1874868                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      791704                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       161                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  791865                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                      2666321                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                        412                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  2666733                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    11248307                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       246                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                11248553                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                         32428702                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    11247895                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10514741                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 141000                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      402531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1536192                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10514741                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        141000                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13983811                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7918881                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                94023                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               93952                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2666733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1874868                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     791865                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               32428701.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           2043087                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                595579      5.29%      5.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7883197     70.08%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17628      0.16%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   46977      0.42%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                   28187      0.25%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    9395      0.08%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1875478     16.67%     92.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  791866      7.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11248307                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements              8626                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2823.081138                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             2653610                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             12711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            208.764849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2823.081138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.689229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.689229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4085                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1292                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997314                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           5345353                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          5345353                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1872270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         1872270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       780121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         780121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       2652391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          2652391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2652391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         2652391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         1737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          1737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        10973                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10973                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        12710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          12710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        12710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         12710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    118067000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    118067000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    696595000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    696595000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        79000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        79000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    814662000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    814662000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    814662000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    814662000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013871                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013871                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001639                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 67971.790443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67971.790443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63482.639205                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63482.639205                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        79000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        79000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 64096.144768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64096.144768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 64096.144768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64096.144768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7988                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              7988                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        10973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    116330000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116330000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    685622000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    685622000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        78000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    801952000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    801952000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    801952000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    801952000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013871                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013871                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66971.790443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66971.790443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62482.639205                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62482.639205                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        78000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63096.144768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63096.144768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63096.144768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63096.144768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             23250                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           500.446538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            11224545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             23762                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            472.373748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       13942374000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   500.446538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.977435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.977435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          22520376                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         22520376                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     11224545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        11224545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      11224545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         11224545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     11224545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        11224545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        23762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         23762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        23762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          23762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        23762                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         23762                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1461633000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1461633000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1461633000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1461633000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1461633000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1461633000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61511.362680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61511.362680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61511.362680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61511.362680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61511.362680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61511.362680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        23762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        23762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        23762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1437871000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1437871000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1437871000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1437871000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1437871000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1437871000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60511.362680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60511.362680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60511.362680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60511.362680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60511.362680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60511.362680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              25500                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              7988                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            23888                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             10973                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            10973                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          23762                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1738                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        70774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        34048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 104822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1520768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1324736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2845504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             68349                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   68349    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               68349                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           100301000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          127637000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           68615000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
