
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.037931                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 37930636000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                37930636000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1092761                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1092758                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3685039204                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1162408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    11247895                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst        25568448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          791808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           26360256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     25568448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      25568448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       274944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          274944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst           399507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            12372                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              411879                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          4296                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               4296                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst          674084347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           20875157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             694959505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     674084347                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        674084347                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         7248600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              7248600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         7248600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst         674084347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          20875157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            702208104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      411879                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       4296                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    411879                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     4296                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               26357568                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2688                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  271232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                26360256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               274944                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     42                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    30                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             34825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             18423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             63716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             43611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             15832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             69282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             16226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             29085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             26471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            34417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            10703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            23668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   37930578000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                411879                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 4296                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  411837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        71619                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    371.779779                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   252.445782                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   315.181359                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        12204     17.04%     17.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20113     28.08%     45.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        11497     16.05%     61.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7484     10.45%     71.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4990      6.97%     78.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3114      4.35%     82.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2399      3.35%     86.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2092      2.92%     89.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7726     10.79%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        71619                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          263                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    1565.756654                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    602.877226                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   4652.652254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047          216     82.13%     82.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095           33     12.55%     94.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            6      2.28%     96.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            1      0.38%     97.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            1      0.38%     97.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287            1      0.38%     98.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-14335            2      0.76%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26624-28671            1      0.38%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34816-36863            1      0.38%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::55296-57343            1      0.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           263                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          263                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.114068                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.108057                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.456413                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              247     93.92%     93.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.76%     94.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               14      5.32%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           263                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2406966000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             10128909750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 2059185000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      5844.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                24594.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       694.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         7.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    694.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      7.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   341291                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3156                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 82.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                73.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      91140.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    82.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                350564760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                191280375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              2136388800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               19077120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy           2477195760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          24072543810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1639983750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            30887034375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            814.379365                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2592016500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    1266460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   34068621000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                190799280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                104106750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1075549800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                8281440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy           2477195760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          21989202075                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           3467476500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            29312611605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            772.867532                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5638609250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    1266460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   31022241750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      1874617                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                        251                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                  1874868                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      791704                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       161                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  791865                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                      2666321                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                        412                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  2666733                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    11248307                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       246                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                11248553                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                         75861272                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    11247895                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10514741                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 141000                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      402531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1536192                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10514741                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        141000                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13983811                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7918881                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                94023                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               93952                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2666733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1874868                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     791865                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               75861271.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           2043087                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                595579      5.29%      5.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7883197     70.08%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17628      0.16%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   46977      0.42%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                   28187      0.25%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    9395      0.08%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1875478     16.67%     92.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  791866      7.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11248307                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements              4616                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4542.570981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             2653949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             12372                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            214.512528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4542.570981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.554513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.554513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7756                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          570                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3570                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.946777                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           5345014                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          5345014                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1872547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         1872547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       780183                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         780183                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       2652730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          2652730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2652730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         2652730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         1460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          1460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        10911                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10911                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        12371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          12371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        12371                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         12371                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     99737000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99737000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    712468000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    712468000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        79000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        79000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    812205000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    812205000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    812205000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    812205000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013792                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013792                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001639                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 68313.013699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68313.013699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65298.139492                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65298.139492                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        79000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        79000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65653.948751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65653.948751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65653.948751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65653.948751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4296                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              4296                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        10911                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10911                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     98277000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98277000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    701557000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    701557000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        78000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    799834000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    799834000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    799834000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    799834000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013792                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013792                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67313.013699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67313.013699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64298.139492                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64298.139492                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        78000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64653.948751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64653.948751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64653.948751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64653.948751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            399475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse            31.997369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            10848800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            399507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             27.155469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           6876000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    31.997369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          22896121                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         22896121                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     10848800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        10848800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      10848800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         10848800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     10848800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        10848800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       399507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        399507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       399507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         399507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       399507                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        399507                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  22624732000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22624732000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  22624732000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  22624732000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  22624732000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  22624732000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.035517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.035517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.035517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56631.628482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56631.628482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56631.628482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56631.628482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56631.628482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56631.628482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       399507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       399507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       399507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       399507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       399507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       399507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  22225225000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22225225000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  22225225000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22225225000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  22225225000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22225225000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.035517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.035517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.035517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55631.628482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55631.628482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55631.628482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55631.628482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55631.628482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55631.628482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             400968                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              4296                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           399795                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             10911                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            10911                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         399507                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1461                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1198489                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        29360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1227849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     25568448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1066752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                26635200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            815970                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  815970    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              815970                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           833154000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2119300250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           67455000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
