
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.018456                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18456366000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                18456366000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1267569                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1267566                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2079911155                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1161384                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    11247895                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          318976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         5113536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            5432512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       318976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        318976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1874560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1874560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             4984                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            79899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               84883                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         29290                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              29290                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           17282709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          277060826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             294343534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      17282709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         17282709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       101567123                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            101567123                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       101567123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          17282709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         277060826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            395910658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       84883                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      29290                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     84883                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    29290                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                4311552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 1120960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1099840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 5432512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1874560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  17515                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 12085                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              2392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              2033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              4554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              6609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              2838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              3044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             3345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             7876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             4526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             4732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             5346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             3275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              2788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   18456308000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 84883                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                29290                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   67368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1002                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        29550                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    183.035668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   128.554135                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   187.797019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        13419     45.41%     45.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9028     30.55%     75.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2996     10.14%     86.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1700      5.75%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1006      3.40%     95.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          594      2.01%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          324      1.10%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          155      0.52%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          328      1.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        29550                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1003                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      67.150548                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     53.161727                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     60.772425                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31            212     21.14%     21.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           437     43.57%     64.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95           206     20.54%     85.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           71      7.08%     92.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           23      2.29%     94.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           10      1.00%     95.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            6      0.60%     96.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           12      1.20%     97.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            7      0.70%     98.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            5      0.50%     98.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            4      0.40%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            2      0.20%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            4      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.10%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.10%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1003                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.133599                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.103587                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.010967                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              434     43.27%     43.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               21      2.09%     45.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              528     52.64%     98.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               20      1.99%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    765455000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              2028605000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  336840000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     11362.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                30112.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       233.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        59.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    294.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    101.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    40995                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   13999                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 60.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     161652.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    65.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                114163560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 62291625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               265699200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               62933760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy           1205287200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           9907183395                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           2381691750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            13999250490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            758.615961                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3904659500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     616200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   13932826750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                109173960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 59569125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               259474800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               48321360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy           1205287200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          10512278010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1850927250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            14045031705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            761.095441                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3020099750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     616200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   14817539250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      1874617                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                        251                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                  1874868                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      791704                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       161                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  791865                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                      2666321                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                        412                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  2666733                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    11248307                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       246                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                11248553                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                         36912732                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    11247895                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10514741                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 141000                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      402531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1536192                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10514741                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        141000                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13983811                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7918881                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                94023                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               93952                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2666733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1874868                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     791865                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               36912731.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           2043087                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                595579      5.29%      5.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7883197     70.08%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17628      0.16%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   46977      0.42%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                   28187      0.25%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    9395      0.08%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1875478     16.67%     92.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  791866      7.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11248307                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             79771                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           127.906608                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             2586422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             79899                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             32.371144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         105805000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   127.906608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           5412541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          5412541                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1816653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         1816653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       768593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         768593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data          566                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          566                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       2585246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          2585246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2585246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         2585246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        57354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         57354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        22501                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        22501                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        79855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          79855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        79855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         79855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3266418000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3266418000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1005058000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1005058000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      2266000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      2266000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   4271476000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4271476000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   4271476000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4271476000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.030605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.028443                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028443                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.072131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.072131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.029963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.029963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56951.877811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56951.877811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 44667.259233                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44667.259233                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        51500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        51500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53490.401352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53490.401352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53490.401352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53490.401352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        29290                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             29290                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        57354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        22501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        22501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        79855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        79855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3209064000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3209064000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    982557000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    982557000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      2222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4191621000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4191621000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4191621000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4191621000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.030605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.028443                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028443                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.072131                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072131                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.029963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.029963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55951.877811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55951.877811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43667.259233                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43667.259233                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        50500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        50500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52490.401352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52490.401352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52490.401352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52490.401352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              3191                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1166.183704                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            11243323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              4984                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           2255.883427                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1166.183704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.569426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.569426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          915                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          370                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875488                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          22501598                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         22501598                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     11243323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        11243323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      11243323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         11243323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     11243323                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        11243323                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         4984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          4984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         4984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           4984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         4984                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          4984                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    325374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    325374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    325374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    325374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    325374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    325374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65283.707865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65283.707865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65283.707865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65283.707865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65283.707865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65283.707865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    320390000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    320390000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    320390000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    320390000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    320390000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    320390000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000443                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000443                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64283.707865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64283.707865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64283.707865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64283.707865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64283.707865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64283.707865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              62382                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             29290                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            53672                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             22501                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            22501                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4984                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         57398                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        13159                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       239569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 252728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       318976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6988096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 7307072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            167845                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  167845    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              167845                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           285005000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           27037250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          422824750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
