
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.029553                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 29552917000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                29552917000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1120001                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1119997                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2942689679                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1161412                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    11247895                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          318976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        20012992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           20331968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       318976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        318976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      5886016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         5886016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             4984                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           312703                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              317687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         91969                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              91969                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           10793385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          677191764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             687985149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      10793385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         10793385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       199168698                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            199168698                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       199168698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          10793385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         677191764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            887153847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      317687                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      91969                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    317687                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    91969                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               15018304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 5313664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 2165056                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                20331968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              5886016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  83026                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 58113                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              5972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              4476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              6182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             13269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             54495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             22103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              3536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             6871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            36478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            18024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            17196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            14336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             8360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              2451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              2668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             3015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             3836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   29552859000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                317687                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                91969                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  234661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   2020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   2042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   2051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   2045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   2049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   2065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   2040                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   2037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   2038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   2036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   2036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   2037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   2036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   2036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   2036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        68956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    249.154127                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   163.423643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   252.791614                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        24902     36.11%     36.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        19540     28.34%     64.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8674     12.58%     77.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5072      7.36%     84.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3701      5.37%     89.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2050      2.97%     92.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1242      1.80%     94.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          954      1.38%     95.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2821      4.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        68956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2036                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     115.222986                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     71.351406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    224.141572                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          1816     89.19%     89.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           86      4.22%     93.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           25      1.23%     94.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           22      1.08%     95.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           21      1.03%     96.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           25      1.23%     97.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            6      0.29%     98.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            7      0.34%     98.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            5      0.25%     98.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            6      0.29%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.10%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.05%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            3      0.15%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.05%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            3      0.15%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            2      0.10%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.05%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.05%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.05%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          2036                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2036                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.615422                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.589311                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.949298                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             1402     68.86%     68.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               69      3.39%     72.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              514     25.25%     97.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               48      2.36%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                3      0.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          2036                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2034727250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              6434621000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1173305000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      8670.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                27420.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       508.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        73.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    687.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    199.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   171537                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   27988                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 73.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                82.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      72140.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    74.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                293154120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                159955125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               946257000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              127980000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy           1929985200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          18649715715                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1370047500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            23477094660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            794.511899                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2159602750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     986700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   26402789750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                228085200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                124451250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               883654200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               91231920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy           1929985200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          19287556830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            810537750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            23355502350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            790.396971                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1244492500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     986700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   27318177500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      1874617                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                        251                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                  1874868                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      791704                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       161                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  791865                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                      2666321                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                        412                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  2666733                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    11248307                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       246                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                11248553                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                         59105834                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    11247895                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11247895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10514741                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 141000                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      402531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1536192                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10514741                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        141000                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13983811                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7918881                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                94023                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               93952                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2666733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1874868                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     791865                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               59105833.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           2043087                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                595579      5.29%      5.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7883197     70.08%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17628      0.16%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   46977      0.42%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                   28187      0.25%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    9395      0.08%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1875478     16.67%     92.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  791866      7.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11248307                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            312671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            31.997260                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             2353618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            312703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              7.526688                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          13019000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    31.997260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           5645345                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          5645345                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1627033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         1627033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       725489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         725489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data          486                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          486                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       2352522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          2352522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2352522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         2352522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       246974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        246974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        65605                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        65605                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       312579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         312579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       312579                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        312579                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  13303624000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13303624000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2245046000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2245046000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      6031000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      6031000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  15548670000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15548670000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  15548670000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15548670000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1874007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       791094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2665101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.131789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.131789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.082929                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.082929                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.203279                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.203279                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.117286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.117286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.117286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.117286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53866.496068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53866.496068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 34220.653914                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34220.653914                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 48637.096774                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48637.096774                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49743.168927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49743.168927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49743.168927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49743.168927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        91969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             91969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       246974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       246974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        65605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        65605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       312579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       312579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       312579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       312579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  13056650000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13056650000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2179441000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2179441000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5907000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5907000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15236091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15236091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15236091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15236091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.131789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.082929                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082929                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.203279                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.203279                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.117286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.117286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52866.496068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52866.496068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33220.653914                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33220.653914                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 47637.096774                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47637.096774                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 48743.168927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48743.168927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 48743.168927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48743.168927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              3191                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1167.479275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            11243323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              4984                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           2255.883427                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1167.479275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.570058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.570058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          260                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          645                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          682                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875488                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          22501598                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         22501598                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     11243323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        11243323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      11243323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         11243323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     11243323                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        11243323                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         4984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          4984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         4984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           4984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         4984                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          4984                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    326498000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    326498000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    326498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    326498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    326498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    326498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11248307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65509.229535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65509.229535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65509.229535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65509.229535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65509.229535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65509.229535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    321514000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    321514000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    321514000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    321514000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    321514000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    321514000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000443                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000443                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64509.229535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64509.229535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64509.229535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64509.229535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64509.229535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64509.229535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             252082                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             91969                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           223893                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             65605                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            65605                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4984                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        247098                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        13159                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       938077                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 951236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       318976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     25899008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                26217984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            633549                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  633549    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              633549                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1001425000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           27156000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         1641995000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
