
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000125                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   125194000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  125194000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 246369                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   246288                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1029422900                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1151712                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                       29944                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         29944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           51840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data           43008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total              94848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        51840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         51840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks         1600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total            1600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data              672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                1482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks            25                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                 25                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst          414077352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          343530840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             757608192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     414077352                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        414077352                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        12780165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             12780165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        12780165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst         414077352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         343530840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            770388357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        1482                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                         25                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      1482                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                       25                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                  94784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                   94848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                 1600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11               86                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                     125143000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  1482                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                   25                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    1481                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    313.006623                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   197.646485                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   306.187346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127           95     31.46%     31.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255           69     22.85%     54.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           48     15.89%     70.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           29      9.60%     79.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639            7      2.32%     82.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           14      4.64%     86.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      2.65%     89.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           32     10.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                      9155250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                36924000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    7405000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      6181.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                24931.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       757.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    757.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     12.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       7.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     1177                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 79.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      83041.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    78.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                   846720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                   462000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                 3447600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy              8136960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy             63057105                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             19590750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy               95541135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            765.308675                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     32465250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF       4160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      88432750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  1436400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                   783750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 8073000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy              8136960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             83759220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              1439250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy              103628580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            829.999740                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      1765250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF       4160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     118942250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                         3591                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                         14                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                     3605                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                        6229                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                        11                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                    6240                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                         9820                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                         25                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                     9845                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                       29969                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        43                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                   30012                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   29                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                           250388                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                       29944                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                         29944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                 27289                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    115                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         801                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts         3574                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                        27289                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           115                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads               37653                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes              16734                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   88                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  52                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                          9845                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        3605                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                       6240                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               250387.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                              4591                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  2310      7.71%      7.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                     17677     58.98%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       13      0.04%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      27      0.09%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                      17      0.06%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       5      0.02%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     3679     12.28%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                    6241     20.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                      29969                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                46                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           408.365019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                9148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               672                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             13.613095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   408.365019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.398794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.398794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          626                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.611328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             20312                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses            20312                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         3396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            3396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data         5606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           5606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          9002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             9002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         9002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            9002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          549                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          549                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          670                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           670                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      7827000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7827000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     30282000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30282000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       130000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       130000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     38109000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     38109000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     38109000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     38109000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         3517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data         6155                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         6155                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         9672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         9672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         9672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         9672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.089196                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.089196                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027027                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.027027                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.069272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.069272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 64685.950413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64685.950413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55158.469945                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55158.469945                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        65000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        65000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56879.104478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56879.104478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56879.104478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56879.104478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           25                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total                25                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          549                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          549                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      7706000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7706000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     29733000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29733000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       128000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       128000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     37439000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37439000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     37439000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37439000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.089196                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089196                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027027                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027027                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63685.950413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63685.950413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54158.469945                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54158.469945                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        64000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55879.104478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55879.104478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55879.104478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55879.104478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               340                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           265.583576                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs               29159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             35.998765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   265.583576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.518718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.518718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          337                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses             60748                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses            60748                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        29159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           29159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         29159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total            29159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        29159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total           29159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46583000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46583000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46583000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     46583000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46583000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     46583000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        29969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        29969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        29969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        29969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        29969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57509.876543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57509.876543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57509.876543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57509.876543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57509.876543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57509.876543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45773000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45773000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45773000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45773000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45773000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45773000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.027028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56509.876543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56509.876543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56509.876543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56509.876543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56509.876543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56509.876543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                933                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                25                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              361                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               549                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              549                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   3350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        51840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        44608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   96448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              1868                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    1868    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                1868                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1968000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            4315500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy            3569500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
