
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.059851                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59850840000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                59850840000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 495033                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   495031                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4913835120                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1154512                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    12.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     6029497                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6029497                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           34240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        55063360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           55097600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        34240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         34240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     55043328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        55043328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              535                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           860365                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              860900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        860052                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             860052                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             572089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          920009811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             920581900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        572089                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           572089                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       919675112                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            919675112                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       919675112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            572089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         920009811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1840257012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      860900                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     860052                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    860900                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   860052                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               55097600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                55041408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                55097600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             55043328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             53844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             53771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             53766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             53760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             53768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             53794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             53774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             53853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             53785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             53810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            53840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            53800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            53811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            53879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            53847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            53798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             53752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             53752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             53752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             53752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             53752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             53755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             53752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             53752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             53750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             53744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            53744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            53752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            53752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            53752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            53757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            53752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   59850782000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                860900                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               860052                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  860900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  53752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  53755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  53755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  53752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  53752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  53752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  53752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  53752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  53752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  53752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  53752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  53752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  53752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  53751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  53751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  53751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       225524                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    488.356006                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   479.316507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.825576                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127           88      0.04%      0.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5215      2.31%      2.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        15427      6.84%      9.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           75      0.03%      9.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639       204701     90.77%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           11      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       225524                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        53751                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.011442                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.001383                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.575303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31          53750    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         53751                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        53751                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.000112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000108                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.010565                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            53745     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                6      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         53751                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   8906455750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             25048330750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 4304500000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     10345.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29095.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       920.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       919.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    920.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    919.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        14.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     7.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    7.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   750563                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  744827                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 87.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      34777.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    86.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                852321960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                465056625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              3356464800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2786523120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy           3908792160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          38644809840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           2008270500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            52022239005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            869.277481                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3134136500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    1998360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   54713855500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                852579000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                465196875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              3357970200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2786419440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy           3908792160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          38643712875                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           2009232750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            52023903300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            869.305291                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3134777000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    1998360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   54712254250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                       861618                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       1704                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   863322                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      861544                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                    107531                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  969075                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                      1723162                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                     109235                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1832397                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     6138732                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        28                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 6138760                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        119701680                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6029497                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6029497                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6138209                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     49                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         301                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       861181                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6138209                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                            49                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9689382                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4306131                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   37                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  22                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1832397                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      863322                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     969075                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               119701679.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                            861575                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   365      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4305919     70.14%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        6      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      12      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       8      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       2      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   863344     14.06%     84.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  969076     15.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6138732                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            860055                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           261.909326                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              862797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            860365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              1.002827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   261.909326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.127885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.127885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          310                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.151367                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           4306689                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          4306689                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       861505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          861505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data         1250                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           1250                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        862755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           862755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       862755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          862755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       860272                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       860272                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       860363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         860363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       860363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        860363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      5582000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5582000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  52811835000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  52811835000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       144000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       144000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  52817417000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  52817417000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  52817417000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  52817417000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       861596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       861596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       861522                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       861522                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1723118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1723118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1723118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1723118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998549                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.998549                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.090909                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.090909                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.499306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.499306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.499306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.499306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 61340.659341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61340.659341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 61389.694190                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61389.694190                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        72000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        72000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 61389.689003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61389.689003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 61389.689003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61389.689003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       860052                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            860052                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       860272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       860272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       860363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       860363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       860363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       860363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5491000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5491000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  51951563000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51951563000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       142000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       142000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  51957054000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51957054000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  51957054000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51957054000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998549                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998549                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.499306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.499306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.499306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.499306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60340.659341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60340.659341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60389.694190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60389.694190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        71000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        71000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60389.689003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60389.689003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60389.689003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60389.689003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               407                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           124.977520                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             6138197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               535                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          11473.265421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       59841399000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   124.977520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.976387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          12277999                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         12277999                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      6138197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         6138197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       6138197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          6138197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      6138197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         6138197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          535                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           535                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30905000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30905000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30905000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     30905000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30905000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     30905000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      6138732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6138732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      6138732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      6138732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      6138732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      6138732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57766.355140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57766.355140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57766.355140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57766.355140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57766.355140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57766.355140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30370000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30370000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30370000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     30370000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30370000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     30370000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56766.355140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56766.355140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56766.355140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56766.355140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56766.355140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56766.355140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                628                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            860052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              410                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            860272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           860272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            535                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            93                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2580785                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2582262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        34240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    110106688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               110140928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1721362                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 1721362    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1721362                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          5161570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               8.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2846000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         4552974250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              7.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
