
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000136                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   135802000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  135802000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 297666                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   297549                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1348972830                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1151720                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                       29944                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         29944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           49088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data           56576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             105664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        49088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         49088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        38464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           38464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data              884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                1651                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           601                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                601                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst          361467431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          416606530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             778073961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     361467431                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        361467431                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       283235888                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            283235888                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       283235888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst         361467431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         416606530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1061309848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        1651                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        601                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      1651                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      601                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 102208                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3456                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   36224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  105664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                38464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     54                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                     135751000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  1651                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  601                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    1597                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    346.181818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   213.284439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   333.872116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          118     29.80%     29.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255           92     23.23%     53.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           49     12.37%     65.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           36      9.09%     74.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           19      4.80%     79.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      4.04%     83.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      1.52%     84.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      1.26%     86.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           55     13.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      44.485714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     28.988846                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     57.719082                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-15              3      8.57%      8.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-31            20     57.14%     65.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-47             5     14.29%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-63             1      2.86%     82.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-79             1      2.86%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-95             1      2.86%     88.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-127            1      2.86%     91.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-143            1      2.86%     94.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            1      2.86%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::288-303            1      2.86%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.171429                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.162349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.568057                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               32     91.43%     91.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                3      8.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     12739250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                42683000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    7985000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7976.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                26726.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       752.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       266.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    778.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    283.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         7.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     1251                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     509                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 78.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      60280.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    80.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                   884520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                   482625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                 3346200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 356400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy              8645520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy             73710405                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             14917500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy              102343170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            771.666016                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     24934500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF       4420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     103818500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  2041200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  1113750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 8821800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                3311280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy              8645520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             88884945                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              1606500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy              114424995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            862.762801                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      2527250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF       4420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     126121750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                         3591                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                         14                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                     3605                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                        6229                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                        11                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                    6240                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                         9820                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                         25                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                     9845                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                       29969                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        43                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                   30012                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   29                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                           271604                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                       29944                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                         29944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                 27289                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    115                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         801                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts         3574                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                        27289                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           115                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads               37653                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes              16734                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   88                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  52                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                          9845                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        3605                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                       6240                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               271603.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                              4591                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  2310      7.71%      7.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                     17677     58.98%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       13      0.04%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      27      0.09%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                      17      0.06%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       5      0.02%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     3679     12.28%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                    6241     20.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                      29969                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements               756                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           112.910230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                8936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               884                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             10.108597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          41317000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   112.910230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.882111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.882111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             20524                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses            20524                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         3247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            3247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data         5546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           5546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data           69                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           69                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          8793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             8793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         8793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            8793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          609                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          609                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     15575000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15575000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     35052000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     35052000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       317000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       317000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     50627000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     50627000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     50627000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     50627000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         3517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data         6155                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         6155                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         9672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         9672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         9672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         9672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.076770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.076770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.098944                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.098944                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067568                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.067568                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.090881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.090881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.090881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.090881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57685.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57685.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57556.650246                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57556.650246                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        63400                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        63400                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57596.131968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57596.131968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57596.131968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57596.131968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          601                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               601                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     15305000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15305000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     34443000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34443000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       312000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       312000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     49748000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49748000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     49748000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49748000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.076770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.098944                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098944                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067568                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067568                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.090881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.090881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56685.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56685.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56556.650246                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56556.650246                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        62400                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        62400                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56596.131968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56596.131968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56596.131968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56596.131968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                19                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           329.142357                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs               29202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               767                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             38.073012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   329.142357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.080357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.080357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          748                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          475                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.182617                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses             60705                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses            60705                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        29202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           29202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         29202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total            29202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        29202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total           29202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44730000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44730000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44730000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     44730000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44730000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     44730000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        29969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        29969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        29969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        29969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        29969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.025593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.025593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.025593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58318.122555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58318.122555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58318.122555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58318.122555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58318.122555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58318.122555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     43963000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43963000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     43963000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43963000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     43963000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43963000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.025593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.025593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.025593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57318.122555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57318.122555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57318.122555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57318.122555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57318.122555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57318.122555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1042                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               601                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              174                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               609                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              609                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            767                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1553                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         2524                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   4077                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        49088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        95040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  144128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              2426                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    2426    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                2426                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             4830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            4090750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy            4688250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
